NOLIMIT CITY | HOME OF THE BRAVE


                                   HOME OF THE BRAVE
                                   The people have spoken, and the new administration is here to Make
                                   Slots Great Again! But behind the grand facade lies a basement full
                                   of secrets—some embarrassing, some explosive.

                                   Will promises be kept, or will the whole thing come crashing down?
                                   One thing’s for sure… it’s gonna be one hell of a slot!


                                                                                                                                                            HIGHLIGHTS
                                     • xBet™ | xNudge® | xGod® | xSplit® | xBomb®
                                     • Covfefe Spins | Dog Meat Spins | Cap Win Machine
                                     • 61,446x Max Win



                                     GENERAL INFORMATION

                                     RTP Options                        96.00% , 95.16% (DX0), 94.11% (DX1), 92.04% (DX2)

                                     RTP Base Game / Bonus Mode(s)*     61.65% / 34.35%


                                     Volatility                         12 (Insane)


                                     Max Win                            61,446x (1 in ~13.8M spins with the 96.00% RTP Option)

                                     Free Spin Frequency                1 in 246 Spins


                                     Win 100x Bet                       1 in 1084 Spins

                                     Min Bet / Max Bet                  €£$ 0.20 / €£$ 100

                                     Reels x Rows                       4-4-4-4-4

                                     NLC Direct GameID                  HomeOfTheBrave / HomeOfTheBraveDX0 / HomeOfTheBraveDX1 / HomeOfTheBraveDX2 / HomeOfTheBraveDX4**


                                     OSS Table ID                       homeofthebrave00 / homeoftheravedx0 / homeoftheravedx1 / homeoftheravedx2 / homeoftheravedx4**

                                                                                      *Bonus RTP includes any possible upgrades* ** DX4 is for use in DE Market only
NOLIMIT CITY | HOME OF THE BRAVE



GAME FEATURES



                                                                                                      Reel Area
                                    Hot Sauce Reels
                                                                                         The game features a 4-4-4-4-4 reel layout across 5 reels,
                        The Hot Sauce Reels are triggered when the Wild Launch           with a Conveyor Belt positioned above the top row and 2
                        Button lands in the game area. In base game, one of the          Hot Sauce Reels located on the far left and far right sides of
                        Hot Sauce Reels will be partially or fully filled with symbols   the game area.
                        on each spin.

                        Once activated, the symbols on Hot Sauce Reels will get
                        triggered before next collapse:

                        • xSplit®: Splits all symbols on the adjacent row, except
                          Bonus symbols and Red Cap. The maximum number of
                          splits is 4.

                        • xBomb® Wild Multiplier: An xBomb® Wild symbol
                          substitutes for any symbol except Bonus symbols and
                          Red Cap.

                           An exploding xBomb® Wild removes adjacent
                           President and Alphabet symbols, and will increase the
                           multiplier by its value for the next collapse.

                           All xBomb® symbols will explode before the next
                           collapse.

                        • Multiplier RPG: The Multiplier RPG contains multiplier
                          values ranging from 2x-5x and 99x.

                           When activated, the multiplier(s) are transferred from
                           the RPG symbol to the Wild that the Wild Launch Button
                           transformed into.
NOLIMIT CITY | HOME OF THE BRAVE



GAME FEATURES




                                      Conveyor Belt                                                  Covfefe Spins

                          Symbols from the Conveyor Belt drop on their respective       Landing 3 Bonus symbols in base game will trigger 8 Covfefe
                          reels if any empty space is created after win evaluation or   Spins.
                          xBomb® explosion. New symbols are dropped in to fill
                          the empty space (if any).                                     During Covfefe Spins, both Hot Sauce Reels contain symbols
                                                                                        on each spin. xBomb® Wild Multiplier is sticky throughout the
                          The symbols that can appear are as follows:                   round.

                          • Wild Launch Button: This button triggers the Hot Sauce      Landing a Bonus symbol in Covfefe Spins will award +2 spins
                            Reels and transforms into a Wild Doughnut after doing       and upgrade any remaining Covfefe Spins into Dog Eating
                            so.                                                         Spins.

                          • Wild Doughnut: A regular Wild symbol.

                          • xNudge® Wild Tower: When the xNudge® Wild Tower
                            symbol drops into the game area, it gradually nudges
                            down to the bottom row, becoming a stacked Wild
                            with a multiplier.

                            Each nudge increases the xNudge® Wild multiplier and
                            the multiplier size depends on how many symbols it
                            nudges to reach the bottom row. xNudge® Symbol is
                            always 4 symbol high. Nudge multipliers are additive.
                                                                                                  Dog Eating Spins
                          • Red Cap: Landing the Red Cap symbol activates The
                            Cap Win Machine, giving the player the opportunity to
                            get additional rewards including instant Max Win.           Landing 4 Bonus symbols in base game will trigger 10 Dog
                                                                                        Eating Spins.
                          • Trash Can: This is a dead symbol which never drops but
                            allows new symbols to enter Conveyor Belt.                  During Dog Eating Spins, both Hot Sauce Reels contain
                                                                                        symbols and the player is guaranteed a Wild Launch Button
                                                                                        in the conveyor belt on each spin. xBomb® Wild Multiplier is
                                                                                        sticky throughout the round.
NOLIMIT CITY | HOME OF THE BRAVE



GAME FEATURES


                                    Cap Win Machine

                        The Cap Win Machine is a simple, one-button game where
                        you press “Push” and hope to win big.
                                                                                            xBet™ Deluxe (Nolimit Booster)
                        The machine features 4 rows with multipliers on the Red
                        Caps:                                                            At the cost of 5 times the base bet, the player is guaranteed
                                                                                         a Bonus on reel 2 and a Wild Launch Button in the
                        •   Row 1: 30x                                                   Conveyor Belt.
                        •   Row 2: 20x
                        •   Row 3: 15x                                                   The payout for each symbol is not affected.
                        •   Row 4: 10x

                        There is also a Yellow Cap that offers the Max Win.
                        If one or more caps fall down from their respective rows,
                        the player collects the total multiplier(s) multiplied by the
                        base bet as the win. If no caps fall, no win is awarded.




                                                                                                The Satan Spin (Nolimit Booster)
                               xBet™ (Nolimit Booster)
                                                                                           At a cost of 333 times the base bet, the player is
                         At a cost of 1.4 times the base bet, the player is guaranteed     guaranteed a Wild Launch Button and both Hot Sauce
                         a Bonus symbol on second reel.                                    Reels are fully filled with symbols.

                         The payout for each symbol is not affected.
NOLIMIT CITY | HOME OF THE BRAVE



GAME FEATURES




                             The Cap Win Machine (God Mode)

                         At a cost of 6,666 times the base bet, the player is
                         guaranteed a spin of The Cap Win Machine feature.




                                     President Evil

                         The max payout of the game is 61,446 times the base
                         bet.

                         When the total win exceeds this amount the game
                         round will end and 61,446 times the base bet is
                         awarded.
 NOLIMIT CITY | HOME OF THE BRAVE



 GAME FEATURES
      Nolimit Bonus Buy

Buy your way straight into the different bonus features, ranging from 80 to 6,666 times the base bet.

The Nolimit Bonus feature may however be removed in some regulated markets.

• Covfefe Spins can be bought for 80 times bet, maximum possible bet is €100.00.

• Dog Eating Spins can be bought for 999 times bet, maximum possible bet is €100.00.

• Lucky Draw (70% / 30%) can be bought for 355 times bet, maximum possible bet is €100.00.

• The Cap Win Machine can be bought for 6,666 times bet, maximum possible bet is €100.00.


        Nolimit Booster

Buy a specific game feature in the Nolimit Bonus tool.

The total cost for the activated feature will be charged from your balance for each spin.


                     • xBet™ can be activated for 1.4 times bet, maximum possible bet is €100.00.



                     • xBet™ Deluxe can be activated for 5 times bet, maximum possible bet is €100.00.




                     • The Satan Spin can be activated for 333 times bet, maximum possible bet is €100.00.




     Nolimit Action Spins

Get your adrenaline flowing and play your regular bonus rounds in HYPER MODE!

‘Action Spins’ is a new optional feature that ushers in an innovative way to play a high volume of rounds of
the Base Game or Multiple Bonus rounds in a rapid and exhilarating way!

The Action Spins feature may however be removed in some regulated markets.
NOLIMIT CITY | HOME OF THE BRAVE



                                                                                                                              GAME IDs & RTPs



                                   DESKTOP + MOBILE


                                   NLC Direct Game ID                     Description             OSS Game Type                   OSS Table ID       RTP


                                     HomeOfTheBrave                       Standard Version           homeofthebrave               homeofthebrave00   96.00%

                                     HomeOfTheBraveDX0                    DX0 Version                homeofthebrave               homeoftheravedx0   95.16%

                                     HomeOfTheBraveDX1                    DX1 Version                homeofthebrave               homeoftheravedx1   94.11%

                                     HomeOfTheBraveDX2                    DX2 Version                homeofthebrave               homeoftheravedx2   92.04%

                                     HomeOfTheBraveDX4                    DX4 Version*               homeofthebrave               homeoftheravedx4   84.01%



                                     For Evolution One Stop Shop (OSS) integration, please use the "OSS Game Type" and "OSS ID"
                                     * DX4 is for use in DE Market only



                                                                                 To download the promo pack, please visit the
                                                                                       Operator section on our website
                                                                                    https://www.nolimitcity.com/operator/
