Ryze
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function           Value
Name in English    Ryze
ELK Game id        10224
Product category   Casino
Game type          Slot
Client             HTML5
Theoretical RTP    94.0%
                   Cluster wins (at least 5 connecting
Lines
                   symbols)
Jackpot            No
Reels              5 to 6 columns
Rows               6 rows
Hit frequency      27.4%
Min bet            € 0.20
Max bet            € 100.00
Max exposure       10 000x max bet
Max win single
                   10 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win        € 1,000,000.00
Game description

Enter Ryze’s realm, the vast hoard of gold and treasure closely guarded by a
greedy dragon - Ryze - as expressive as a playful puppy, with a face that can
go from stern suspicion to wide-eyed delight in a heartbeat. To steal the
king’s jewel, we need the help of a master thief - you!

Ryze is a cluster game with symbol win explosions and symbol gravity that
keep the game going. Clusters of more than five payout symbols generate
wins. Winning clusters generate a wild symbol with a multiplier that is left
behind. The multiplier value increases for each winning cluster it is a part of.
The game also has coins that merge in a winning cluster and leaves a new
more valuable coin behind, as well as a bonus game.
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing.




Paylines
Wins are generated by clusters of five or more connected identical symbols,
resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP of the game is defined
in the game rules.
Special symbols
Symbol image Function
                Multiplier Wild symbols substitute for any paying
                symbol. A Multiplier Wild symbol contains a multiplier
                value. Multiplier Wilds additively apply to each other
                within the same cluster.
                Coins show a value that is x times the bet. A cluster of
                coins pays out its aggregate value and that value is
                then given to a new coin that is left behind when the
                cluster is removed. The multiplier values of all Multiplier
                Wilds in a winning coin cluster are added and the sum
                is then multiplied by the winning coin cluster.
                The burst symbol is a blocker symbol that is activated
                at the end of the game round when nothing else can
                happen. It changes itself and its adjacent symbols into
                the same payout symbol or into coins, it does not
                transform into wild. Coins, bonus symbols and
                Multiplier Wilds are not affected.
                A bonus symbol that reaches the bonus key mould
                below the game grid triggers the bonus game with 7
                free drops. The super bonus game is triggered in case
                the bonus key mould reached is a super bonus key
                mould.


Game features
Bonus game
A bonus symbol that reaches the bonus key mould below the game grid
triggers the bonus game with 7 free drops. Multiplier Wilds are sticky in the
bonus game. The super bonus game is triggered in case the bonus key
mould reached is a super bonus key mould. Both Multiplier Wilds and coins
are sticky in the super bonus game.

Bonus symbols which reach the bonus key moulds during the bonus game
award additional free drops, and the current bonus game is upgraded to a
super bonus game in case the bonus key mould reached is a super bonus
key mould.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Ryze is a 6 rows and 5-to-6 columns slot with an offset symbol grid,
  dropping symbols and cluster wins.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, and the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either
  vertically or horizontally connected. Only the largest cluster of the
  connected identical symbols is paid out.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  Symbols drop vertically with gravity and slide to the left and right
  repeatedly as far downwards as possible. All symbols except wild
  symbols can fall through wild symbols.
  Ryze is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free
  drops.
  All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected. Thereafter, all
  symbols that were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining
symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols
drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long
as new winning combinations appear.
A winning cluster of solely payout symbols, not coins, creates a x1
Multiplier Wild in one of the vacant positions created after a win.
The Multiplier Wild increases its multiplier by 1 for each winning cluster it
is a part of, and moves to one of the vacant positions created by
removing the winning symbols.
The multiplier values of all Multiplier Wilds that are part of the same
cluster are added and the sum is then multiplied by the winning cluster.
After the win, the individual multipliers are increased before being
multiplied and merged into a new Multiplier Wild.
The Multiplier Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus
and burst symbols.
Coins show a value that is x times the bet. A cluster of coins pays out its
aggregate value and that value is then given to a new coin that is left
behind when the cluster is removed. A cluster of solely coin symbols
does not create a Multiplier Wild.
The multiplier values of all Multiplier Wilds in a winning coin cluster are
added and the sum is then multiplied by the winning coin cluster.
The burst symbol is a blocker that is activated at the end of the game
round when there is nothing more that can happen. It changes itself and
adjacent symbols into the same payout symbol or into coins, it does not
transform into wild. The coins can get individual values. Bonus symbols,
burst, coin and Multiplier Wild symbols are not affected.
A burst symbol that has another adjacent burst symbol starts a chain
reaction and all the affected symbols turn into the same payout symbol or
into coins, it does not transform into wild.
The burst symbols activate simultaneously but act individually if there are
more than one in view.
The burst symbol performs its feature before the bonus game starts if
there is a bonus game trigger in the same drop. During the bonus game,
the burst activates before awarding additional free drops if another
bonus game trigger happens in the same free drop. It is activated at the
end of the free drop when nothing more can happen.
A bonus symbol that reaches the bonus key mould below the game grid
triggers the bonus game with 7 free drops. Multiplier Wilds are sticky
between free drops in the bonus game.
A bonus symbol that reaches a position with a super bonus key mould
below the game grid triggers the super bonus game with 7 free drops.
Both coins and Multiplier Wilds are sticky between free drops in the
super bonus game.
3 additional free drops are awarded when a bonus symbol reaches the
bonus key mould during a bonus game. The bonus game is upgraded to
a super bonus game in case a super bonus key mould is reached.
The bonus game and super bonus game end when no free drops remain
or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Ryze is 94.0%.
The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
X-iter




X-iter button clarification
Button         Name
                Bonus Hunt

                Wild
                Concoction

                Coin Burst

                Bonus

                Super Bonus
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.

Super Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus game at the cost of 500x
the selected bet. Both coins and Multiplier Wilds are sticky throughout the
super bonus game.

Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the Bonus game at the cost of 100x the selected
bet. Multiplier Wilds are sticky throughout the bonus game.

Coin Burst: Guarantees a game round with a Burst symbol in the first drop
and all Burst symbols always give coins at the cost of 25x the selected bet.

Wild Concoction: One drop that starts with a number of Multiplier Wilds at the
cost of 10x the selected bet.

Bonus Hunt: One drop with more than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the
Bonus and Super Bonus game at the cost of 2x the selected bet.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.40, and the maximum cost is € 50,000.00.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Ryze is 94.0%.

All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
