GAME SHEET




                                                            4x3   Booster respins




WiXX
Wixx is a fast-paced 7 regular symbols, 4x3
slot with the theme of lush crystals. The
game is a betways machine, where 4-hit
wins on the the big crystal symbols awards
a booster respin where the winning symbols
transforms into a boosted version of the
symbol.

The respin with boosted symbols will award one respin
with either medium symbols turning into wilds, multiplied
wins, stacked reels or a combination of two features. A
4-hit on several medium symbols awards a super booster
respin, with a combination of booster attributes with a
chance of big wins.
GAME SHEET




Features
WiXX is a fast-paced game with one feature
type – whenever you get a 4-hit on any
of the crystal symbols -- Ruby, Topaz or
Sapphire -- the game will award you a
booster respin, where you will gain an extra
attribute on that specific symbol.

When rewarded the booster spin, this game really
accelerates and the wins can be tremendous. In the super
booster spins, the game kicks off into hyperspace and the
game experience elevates to a different level.

Wild Ruby Booster: Ruby turns into Wild
A 4-hit on red mid crystals awards a respin where the red
symbols transforms into wilds and gets stacked.


Multiplier Topaz Booster: Multiplied wins
A 4-hit on yellow crystals awards a respin where the mid
symbols transforms into boosted symbols where all pays
on crystal symbols will be multiplied by x5. The Topaz
symbols becomes stacked for an elevated win on all the

                                                            Game information
Topaz symbols.


Sapphire Booster: Blue gems mania
                                                            Math
A 4-hit on Sapphires symbos awards a respin where
                                                            Total RTP		       96.61%
the Sapphires become stacked and reel 4 will only hold
                                                            Volatility: 		    8
Sapphires to elevate all wins on these symbols.
                                                            Hit frequency:    18,59%

Super Booster Spin: Ruby & Sapphire                         Win               (simulated from 10 billion spins)
A 4-hit on both Ruby and Sapphire crystals awards a super   Max payout:       2796x bet
booster respin where all Rubies transform into wilds and    Booster Spin:     1 in 49 spins
both symbols become stacked. Reel 4 will only hold wild     Win 100x bet:     1 in 2040 spins
symbols.
                                                            Information
Super Booster Spin: Sapphire & Topaz                        Game ID:		          Wixx
A 4-hit on both Sapphire and Topaz crystals awards a        Technology:         HTML5
super booster respin where the Sapphire, Topaz and Ruby     Resolution:         Optimized for 1280x720px, 16:9
Wild symbols become stacked. All wins on crystal symbols    Devices: 		         Mobile & desktop
will be multiplied by x5.                                   Languages:          19
                                                            Currencies:         28
Super Booster Spin: Ruby & Topaz                            Bonus mode:         No, Booster respins
A 4-hit on both Ruby and Topaz crystals awards a super      Min bet:		          0.10 EUR
booster respin where all the Ruby and Topaz symbols         Default bet:        2.00 EUR
become stacked plus all Rubies transform into wilds. All    Max bet:		          50 EUR
wins on crystal symbols will be multiplied by x5.           * Configurable within range of min/max bet.




STOCKHOLM | MALTA 					 nolimitcity.com
							
