GAME SHEET




                                                                        Power Stone
                                                                  5x7   Gem Forge
                                                                        Alchemy Spins




DUNGEON QUEST
Enter a magical world and join our four
heroes on there quest for riches! Four
brave souls seek the legendary treasures
of Khordor, hidden in the depths of Mount
Behadh. Our heroes quest takes them
straight down into the dungeon leading to
the heart of the mountain.

Dungeon Quest is a slot with 29 fixed betlines on a 5x7
reel area and adjacent reel pay instead of the traditional
left to right. With a bigger reel area that suits perfectly for
the mobile portrait mode. With two main game random
features and a freespin with sticky wild this game will keep
the players on their toes.
GAME SHEET




Game Features
Dungeon Quest is a 5x7 adjacent reel pay
slot, which means as long as symbols are
adjacent on a win line there is a win. The
game is all about enhancing symbols.

In main game the low value orbs can be upgraded with
two random features and the freespin will alter the low
value orbs to become sticky Wilds for rest of the future.


Power Stone
On any spin in main game the Power Stone feature may
randomly trigger, a 2x2 area will become wild and all
occurrences of one of the Ore symbols will also turn into
Wild.

Gem Forge
The Gem Forge feature is randomly triggered in main
game. When triggered one of the Ore symbols is randomly
picked and will replace all other Ore symbols on the reels.
On top of that all Ore symbols that land will turn into its   Game Information
corresponding Gem symbol for a bigger win.
                                                              Math
Alchemy Spins
                                                              Total RTP		       96.27%
Landing 3 Scatters will award Alchemy Spins. The four
awarded spins focuses on one Ore symbol at the time. The      RTP Bonuses:      65.85%
Ore symbol will one by one turn into wild and remain in its   RTP Main Game:    30.42%
position during the entire feature.                           Volatility: 		    6
                                                              Hit frequency:    28.46%

                                                              Win               (simulated from 10 billion spins)

                                                              Max payout:       450x bet
                                                              Win 100x bet:     1 in 1222 spins
                                                              Freespin modes:   1 in 196 spins
                                                              Bonus modes:      1 in 31 spins

                                                              Information
                                                              Game ID:		          DungeonQuest
                                                              Technology:         HTML5
                                                              Resolution:         Optimized for 1280x720px, 16:9
                                                              Devices: 		         Mobile & desktop
                                                              Languages:          19
                                                              Currencies:         100+
                                                              Bonus mode:         Yes
                                                              Min bet:		          0.20 EUR
                                                              Default bet:        0.60 EUR
                                                              Max bet:		          100 EUR
                                                              * Configurable within range of min/max bet.




STOCKHOLM | INDIA | MALTA 					 nolimitcity.com
							
