Key features
Name in English Poltava
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Poltava is a 5 reel, 4 rows video slot with 40 paylines. 
	
2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

5. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.

6. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the pay table.

7. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings.

8. The Poltava Wild substitutes any symbol except Lion. 

9. Poltava is played in two states, Normal mode with Marching Reels and Bonus mode with Flames of War Free Spins. 

10. The Marching Reels feature is trigged when a reel is covered with 4 identical combat arm symbols, e.g. 4 Cavalry, 4 Artillery or 4 Infantry symbols. Wild symbols do not count as part of a formation that triggers Marching Reels.

11. Higher value combat arm reels will override lower.

12. Marching Reels generate a respin during which a reinforcement is added on row 2 and 3 cross all reels to the left of the combat arm. All troops advance stepwise to the right and generate new respins as long as new identical combat arm symbols land on the reel to the right.

13. Upgrades during Marching Reels. If a higher value combat arm symbol lands to cover a full reel, the higher will replace all lower troop formations.

14. Active combat arm symbols landning on row 1 or 4 behind the frontline will join the troops and be included in the formation.

15. Marching Reels will end if not reactivated by new combat arm symbols or when the frontline reaches reel 5.

16. 3 Lion symbols in any position trigger 3 Flames of War Free Spins.

17. Lion symbols appear on reel 2, 3 and 4 in Normal mode and on all reels during Bonus mode.

18. Lion symbols are Sticky Wild during Flames of War Free Spins and every new Lion appearing will add 1 free spin. 

19. Payout is made at the end of the free spins.

20. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 96,4%
	
21. Maximum win is 180,000 coins.

22. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.


Last updated 2021-05-17

X-iter rules
Hitting 3 Bonus Lions turn them into Sticky Wilds and trigger the Flames of War bonus game with 3 free spins.
The Poltava Wild symbol substitutes all other symbols except Lion. Win lines with only Wilds, pay as highest value symbol.
Every Lion turns into a Sticky Wild and generates a free spin during Flames of War Free Spins.
A full combat arm triggers a troop formation followed by a respin.
Any additional arm symbols on the reel to the right generate further respins 
and troop movements.