Key features
Name in English Sam on the Beach
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Sam on the Beach is a 5 reel, 3 rows video slot with 243 ways to win. 
	
2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

5. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.

6. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.

7. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings.
8. Sam on the Beach is played in two modes, Normal mode and Free Spins bonus mode where the troll symbols perform Electric Treats.

9. A horizontal line combination of Sam, Sandra, Maggie and Ted (irrespective of order) triggers one Beach Memories Respin with 4 Sticky Wilds. No Wilds can trig this feature.

10. The Beach Memories Respin can be re-trigged up to three times.

11. The Sam on the Beach Wild symbol substitutes any symbol except the Bell. 

12. Sam on the Beach Wild symbols appear on reel 2 and 4 in Normal mode.
13. Bell is a scatter that appears on all reels. A combination of at least 3 Bells triggers the Free Spins bonus game. Three Bells generate 5 Free Spins, four Bells generate 10 Free Spins and 5 Bells generate 15 Free Spins.

14. Each additional Bell in Free Spins generate an additional Free Spin.	

15. Sam's Electric Treat turns a random symbol on reel 2, 3, 4 or 5 into a Sticky Wild that stays for the remaining Free Spins.

16. Sandra's Electric Treat raises the Multiplier one step, up to the maximum x8.
17. Ted's Electric Treat leaves behind a Sticky Multiplier locked on the position of one of the Ted symbols that trigged the Electric Treat. The Multiplier is either 2 or 3 and stays for the remaining Free Spins.

18. Ted's Multiplier is additive in case it ends up on top of another one, or in case more than one affect the same symbol type. Sandra's Multiplier multiplies all wins, including Ted's multiplied wins.

19. Maggie's Electric Treat hits all Maggie and sea animal symbols, and slides in new symbols, after which the new result is payed out accordingly.

20. Sam's, Sandra's and Ted's Electric Treats are performed immediately prior to the payout and are valid for the remaining Free Spins. 

21. The Free Spins bonus game ends when the number of Free Spins reaches zero.
22. Bet ways are paid left to right. Only the highest win per active bet way is paid.	

23. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Free Spins.

24. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 96.3%

25. Maximum win is 227,520 coins.

26. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.

   
Last updated 2021-05-10

X-iter rules
Every additional Bell during Free Spins generates an additional Free Spin.
The logo Wild symbol substitutes all other symbols except the Bell.
A horizontal line combination of all family members triggers a respin with 4 Sticky Wilds.
Sam electrifies a random symbol which becomes a Sticky Wild when 3 or more of him hit during Free Spins.
Sandra generously hands out Multipliers when 3 or more of her hit during Free Spins.
Maggie fires her harpoon towards the landed symbols to increase the chances to win during Free Spins.
Ted leaves his crackling radio behind, granting a Sticky Multiplier, when 3 or more of him hit during Free Spins.