Key features
Name in English Hidden
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Hidden is a 5 reel, 4 rows slot with 178 connecting paylines. 
	
2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Hidden is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.

10. During Normal mode Flashback Respins randomly appear, covering up to 3 of the middle reels with sticky Wilds. The sticky Wilds can cover reel 2, 3 and 4 and remain for 3 spins. 

11. Additional Wilds during Flashback Respins are not sticky.

12. Flashback Respins can not be retrigged within the same spin.
13. The Wild symbol appears on reel 2, 3 and 4. It substitutes any other symbol except for the magnifier glass (bonus symbol).

14. The magnifier glass is a scatter symbol and appears on reel 2, 3 and 4. 	

15. A combination of 3 magnifier glass symbols triggers Bonus mode with 5 free spins - the Treasure Room Free Spins bonus game.

16. For every magnifier glass symbol appearing during Bonus mode, 1 extra free spin is generated. 

17. When entering Bonus mode, one expanding symbol is randomly selected from the symbols present on screen (except magnifier glass symbols).
18. The expansion occurs after payout. All non-expanding symbols get cleared away, expanded symbols fall down, more symbols drop down and the new result is paid out accordingly. Then the next free spin starts.	

19. When no more free spins remain, the Treasure Room Free Spins bonus game ends.
	
20. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode.	

21. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode.

22. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Hidden is 96.3%
23. The game has a maximum win of 215,000 coins.

24. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.

   
Last updated 2021-05-10

X-iter rules
The Wild symbol substitutes all symbols except the magnifying glass symbol.
3 Magnifying glass symbols start the Treasure Room Free Spins with 5 spins.
Starts with 5 spins. For every magnifying glass symbol appearing during the bonus game, 1 extra free spin is generated.
One random symbol is selected at the start of the bonus game as the expanding symbol. All occurrences of the selected symbol expand clockwise 2x2 once for every free spin.
Winning lines pay out and then all non-expanding symbols explode to give space for a second symbol drop. New winning lines are payed out before the next free spin starts.
Flashback Respins are randomly trigged in-between normal spins. Up to three of the middle reels are covered by sticky Wilds and they remain for 3 spins.