Key features
Name in English Ivanhoe
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Ivanhoe is a 3 reel, 3 rows slot with 17 connecting paylines. 
	
2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. Bet lines are paid left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in coins.

9. Ivanhoe is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.

10. The crown symbol is only available on the middle reel and goes from blocker in the base game to Wild in the bonus game. 

11. A combination of 3 bonus symbols on a payline triggers the bonus game with 5 free spins.

12. Every level in the bonus game brings additional 3 free spins and a multiplier. The multiplier reaches from 2 in the first level to 6 in the last one.
13. The multiplier applicable for the active bonus game level is applied immediately to the win combination.  

14. Reaching the coin limit of a bonus game level results in an immediate transition to the next level. All wins collected so far in the bonus game is brought to the next level. Unused free spins are also brought to the next level.

15. The bonus game ends when there are no remaining free spins or when the maximum win has been reached.

16. Every bonus symbol in the bonus game generates an additional free spin. 
	
17. Payout is made at the end of the bonus game.	

18. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in the bonus games.
19. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 96.3%

20. The maximum win is 300,000 coins.

21. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.

   
Last updated 2021-05-10

X-iter rules
The crown symbol turns into Wild in the bonus game substituting all symbols except the bonus symbol.
Every bonus symbol in the bonus game awards one additional free spin.