Key features
Name in English Wild Toro
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
Wild Toro is a 5 reel, 4 rows video slot with 178 ways to win.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings.
The Wild Toro Wild substitutes any symbol except Toro and Matador.
Toro is a Walking Wild, moving reel by reel to the left, generating one respin for each step.
Matador is a blocker if there is no Toro on the reels.
Toro symbols only appear on reel 5.
Matador symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4.
Wild Toro is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode where Toro goes wild and attacks Matadors.
Toro moves vertically and then horizontally to knock all Matadors off, leaving Wilds behind. Toro continues to attack until all Matadors are defeated.
Toro starts by attacking Matadors on the same reel. He then looks to the right and continues to attack to the right as long as there are additional Matadors or until reel 5 is reached. He finally looks to the left and attacks all Matadors on his left side.
Bonus mode ends when Toro reaches reel 1 and there are no Matadors left on the reels.
Only one Toro is actively attacking Matadors at a time. He will stay active until he leaves the screen, even though there might be more than one Toro on the reels.
3 Matador symbols trigger the Matador Respin Challenge with 3 respins.
Matador symbols are sticky during the Matador Respin Challenge and every additional Matador appearing will add 1 respin. The respins stop either when a Toro appears or when the respin count reaches zero.
Payout is made when the Toro has defeated all Matadors.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The game has a maximum win of __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2022-12-06

X-iter rules
Substitutes all symbols except Toro and Matador. Win lines of only Wilds pay as the highest value symbol.
A combination of 3 Matadors initiates the Matador Respin Challenge.
Toro attacks any Matador in sight. He charges vertically and then horizontally, leaving Wilds behind, until all Matadors are defeated.