Key features
Name in English Kaiju
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Kaiju is a 5 reel, 3 row slot with up to 7,776 paylines. The reels expand upwards for up to 3 rows, resulting in a total of 6 rows.
	
2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Kaiju is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.

10. In Normal mode 3 identical symbols in a vertically connecting line reveal a wild symbol on the row above. The wild symbol is included in the evaluation of the result of the current spin.

11. Vertical lasers can reveal 1 additional wild per reel in Normal mode.
12. The HA-42 symbol is a scatter symbol and appears on reel 2, 3 and 4.

13. 3 HA-42 symbols trigger Bonus mode with 7 free spins - the Kaiju Battle free spins bonus game.

14. When entering the Bonus mode a Kaiju is randomly selected as opponent.

15. All Kaiju have individual patterns of 5 hot spot symbol positions on row 4, 5 or 6. To defeat a Kaiju all its hot spots have to be activated. The hot spot patterns are described in the Paytable. Additional symbol positions reaching up to the hot spots, and the hot spots themselves, are activated by vertical lasers.
16. In the Bonus mode, vertically connected identical symbols, from bottom to top, generate a vertical laser which in turn expands the reel upwards. The expansion stays for the remaining free spins. A reel can not expand above its hot spot.

17. The expansion of a reel reveals a wild symbol which is included in the evaluation of the result of the current spin. 

18. A vertical laser appearing during the Bonus mode adds 1 extra free spin if it expands the reel.

19. All symbols on a vertical connecting line turn into wilds if the laser activates a hot spot. The wilds are included in the evaluation of the result of the current spin.
20. All symbols in a vertical connecting line turn into sticky wilds when the laser activates the last remaining hot spot. The Kaiju is defeated and the generated wild symbols stay sticky for the remaining free spins.

21. When no more free spins remain, the Kaiju Battle bonus game ends.
	
22. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode.	

23. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode.

24. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Kaiju is 96.3%
25. The game has a maximum win of 130,440 coins.

26. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.


Last updated 2021-05-11

X-iter rules
3 HA-42 symbols trigger the Kaiju Battle bonus game with 7 free spins.
3 vertically connected identical symbols in the base game reveal a wild on the row above.
The bonus game starts with 7 free spins. A random Kaiju with an individual pattern of hot spots is selected as opponent for the bonus game. Every reel expansion adds 1 extra free spin.
Vertically connected identical symbols from bottom to top reveal a wild and expand the reel upwards. The expanded reel stays for the remaining free spins.
If the vertical laser activates a hot spot, symbols in that vertical connecting line turn into wilds before evaluation.
When the vertical laser activates the last hot spot, symbols in that vertical line turn into sticky wilds. The wild symbols stay sticky for the remaining free spins.