Key features
Name in English Platooners
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Platooners is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with 178 connecting paylines. 
	
2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Platooners is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.

10. During Normal mode the Action Spins! randomly occur resulting in one of the Platooners coming in and interacts with the reels. The feature triggers one spin.

11. Reel 1 and 3 are completely covered with identical symbols prior to the other 3 reels stop when the Rockets Platooner is triggered during Action Spins! The symbol is randomly selected among all symbols except for the bonus scatter.
12. Up to 3 wilds are randomly placed on reels 3, 4 and 5 prior to the reels stop when the Grenades Platooner is triggered during Action Spins!

13. A random symbol is selected among all symbols which have landed on the first reel when the Bullets Platooner is triggered during Action Spins! One instance of the selected symbol will be placed on the remaining 4 reels resulting in at least one payline of 5 of a kind, or a trigger to the bonus game in case the selected symbol is the bonus scatter, prior to all reels stop.

14. Action Spins! can not be retrigged within the same spin.

15. 3 Snake (bonus) symbols anywhere on the reels trigger Bonus mode with 15 rounds and one active Platooner per round. 4 Bonus symbols let two Platooners attack the snake in every round, and with 5 bonus symbols all three Platooners attack during every round.
16. The Platooners hit anywhere on the snake but the wins are collected from the tail towards the head. A normal coin requires 3 damage points to be destroyed and to pay out.

17. All Platooners generate 1 to 3 damage points in every attack. The weapon level follows the level of the snake.

18. It is random which of the Platooners fire their weapon and attack the snake every round in case not all three Platooner attacks per round have been awarded. The amount of ammunition represents the number of rounds.

19. A big coin on the snake requires 6 damage points to be destroyed and to reveal its content, which can be either more ammunition (rounds), a bomb, more Platooners firing per round (up to 3) or a larger than normal cash win amount.
20. All Platooners have the same damage level and jointly level up as the player defeats a snake.

21. A bomb destroys all coins on the snake until the next big coin. All wins related to the destroyed coins are awarded. 

22. A snake is defeated once the whole snake has been destroyed. Once defeated the player will be awarded an additional win and immediately advance to the next snake level until the third and last level has been reached.

23. Remaining ammunition is brought to the next level in case of a level up. The Platooners weapons also level up resulting in increased damage when hitting the snake.
24. The bonus game ends when no ammunition (rounds) remain or when the maximum win has been reached.

25. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode.	

26. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode.

27. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Platooners is 96.3%

28. The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins.

29. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.


Last updated 2021-05-10

X-iter rules
The Wild symbol substitutes any other symbol on a connecting payline except for the bonus scatter.
Covers reel 1 and 3 with identical symbols for one spin.
Adds Wild symbols to reel 3, 4 and 5 for one spin.
Generates 5 of a kind paylines from one of the symbols on reel 1 for one spin.
Three or more scatter symbols start the bonus game: Platooners vs. Snakes of Fortune. Every additional bonus scatter adds an extra Platooner attack per round.
Defeat the Snake of Fortune to level up and collect even higher payouts. The bonus game starts with 15 rounds of ammunition.

Small coins award coin wins or small amounts of ammunition. Mystery coins award larger coin wins or activates additional Platooner attacks (up to 3), large ammunition refills or bombs which destroy entire snake segments up to the next mystery coin. Weapon damage increases with every level up.