Key features
Name in English Valkyrie
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Valkyrie is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with 1024 ways to win.
	
2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.

5. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.

6. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

7. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings.
8. Valkyrie is played in three modes: Normal mode, Bonus mode and Free spins mode. The Bonus mode has one of the 3 Valkyrie features: The Arrow of Fortune, The Shield of Chance or The Sword of Destiny.

9. The Wild shield symbol substitutes any other symbol, except the Free spins symbol.

10. The game always starts in the Normal mode.		

11. One instance of a big symbol can randomly fall down and land in view during a spin in Normal mode or in Free spins mode. Big symbols come in three sizes; 2x2, 2x3 and 3x3.

12. Bonus symbols may randomly appear over the spinning reels during Normal mode. Between 3 and 5 Bonus symbols will land in view granting the player one respin in Bonus mode with one of the three Valkyrie features.
13. The activated feature in Bonus mode is randomly selected.

14. The number of Bonus symbols landing affects the potency of the triggered Bonus mode. The more Bonus symbols the more potent Bonus mode.

15. The three different Valkyrie features in Bonus mode behave as follows:

- The Arrow of Fortune: a random number of arrows are fired towards the spinning reels. Each arrow hitting a reel generates a 2x2 symbol, a 2x3 symbol or a 3x3 symbol. All arrows generate the same symbol but the symbols might differ in size.

- The Shield of Chance: a random number of shields fall over the spinning reels. Each shield landing in view becomes a Wild shield symbol.
- The Sword of Destiny: a random number of swords fall over reel 2, 3 and 4. Each landing sword results in that reel being completely covered by a Wild sword symbol.

16. After the Bonus mode spin, winnings are paid out and the Bonus mode ends.

17. Free spins scatter symbols are only available on reels 2, 3 and 4.

18. Whenever three Free spins scatter symbols land, Freya may randomly awards up to two additional Free spins scatter symbols on reel 1 and 5, resulting in a maximum of five Free spins scatter symbols.

19. Three or more Free spins scatter symbols in Normal mode trigger the Free spins mode.
20. The number of Free spins symbols landing defines the number of awarded Free spins and how many of those that are potentially played in Bonus mode:

- 3 Free spin symbols: 5 Free spins with at least 1 Valkyrie feature
- 4 Free spin symbols: 7 Free spins with at least 2 Valkyrie features
- 5 Free spin symbols: 10 Free spins with at least 3 Valkyrie features

21. Three or more Free spins scatter symbols during Free spins mode award additional Free spins:

- 3 Free spin symbols: 5 Free spins with at least 1 Valkyrie feature
- 4 Free spin symbols: 7 Free spins with at least 2 Valkyrie features
- 5 Free spin symbols: 10 Free spins with at least 3 Valkyrie features
22. Free spins mode ends when no Free spins remain.

23. Winnings are paid out at the end of the Free spins mode.

24. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin, or in the Bonus mode or in the Free spins mode.

25. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Valkyrie is 96.3%

26. The game has a maximum win of 500,000 coins.

27. In the event of malfunction, all bets and wins are void.


Last updated 2021-05-10

X-iter rules
3 or more Bonus symbols award one respin in bonus mode with one randomly selected Valkyrie feature.
3 or more Free spins symbols trigger Free spins with at least one guaranteed spin with one randomly selected Valkyrie feature. Free spins can be retriggered.
Wild swords fall on reel 2, 3 and 4. A sword landing on a reel turns it fully Wild .
Wild shields rain down on the spinning reels. All shields landing become Wild.
Arrows are fired towards the spinning reels. Every arrow hit generates a big symbol, either a 2x2, 2x3 or 3x3, of the same type.
The Wild shield symbol substitutes any other symbol, except for the Free spin symbol.