Key features
Name in English Route 777
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
Route 777 is a 3 reel, 3 rows slot with 17 connecting paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in coins.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Route 777 is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.
Identical hits on the first two reels trigger the Overtake Respins with 5 respins.
The first two reels lock during Overtake Respins and move jointly one step downwards for every respin. The third reel spins as normal.
Overtake Respins can only be trigged in Normal mode.
A combination of 3 skull symbols (scatter) anywhere on the reels triggers Bonus mode with 5 free spins - Route 777 Free Spins bonus game.
A combination of 3 skull symbols during Overtake Respins immediately triggers Bonus mode with 5 free spins - Route 777 Free Spins bonus game. The remaining respins are played when the bonus game has ended.
If the triggers for Bonus mode and for the Overtake Respins coincide in the same result then the Route 777 Free Spins bonus game will be triggered but no Overtake Respins.
Two skull symbols in Bonus mode bring a random number of additional free spins.
Three skull symbols in Bonus mode trigger the Route 777 Fortune Wheel.
Every hit on the Route 777 Fortune Wheel makes the win advance one level in the related win matrix.
The spins on the Route 777 Fortune Wheel continue until 3 identical sevens have been collected or the stop sign has been hit. The total win is collected when the fortune wheel session is completed.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Route 777 is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-01-16

X-iter rules
A combination of three skull symbols anywhere on the reels triggers the Bonus game with 5 free spins - Route 777 Free Spins bonus game.
Two skull symbols in the Bonus game bring a random number of additional free spins.
Three skull symbols in the Bonus game trigger the Route 777 Fortune Wheel.
The wheel continues to spin until three identical 7s have been collected or the Stop sign hit.
Winnings increment for every successful spin.
Identical hits on the first two reels trigger the Overtake Respins with 5 respins.
The Overtake Respin feature is trigged by identical symbols on the first two reels. Generates 5 respins.
The first two reels move one step downwards for every respin.