Key features
Name in English Lake’s Five
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Lake's Five is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with 178 connecting paylines. 
	
2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Lake's Five is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.

10. The scatter symbol is a bonus trigger appearing on reel 1, 3 and 5.

11. 2 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the respins. During respins the scatters turn to wilds. The 2 reels with the wilds move jointly one step downwards for every respin. The other reels spin as normal.

12. Respins can only be trigged in Normal mode.
13. The respins end as soon as only one wild remain, or when a third scatter appears.

14. 3 scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Bonus mode with 10 free spins.

15. In Bonus mode a key symbol adds 1 extra free spin.

16. The walking wild feature in Bonus mode is unlocked on reel 1, 2 and 3, as soon as 3 keys have been collected on reel 1. Walking wilds move rightwards one reel for every free spin.

17. The sticky wild feature in Bonus mode is unlocked on reel 2, 3, 4 and 5, as soon as 3 keys have been collected on reel 3. Sticky wilds stay in place for the remaining free spins.
18. The climbing wild feature in Bonus mode is unlocked on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 as soon as 3 keys have been collected on reel 5. Climbing wilds move upwards one position for every free spin.

19. Wilds that cross paths will stack on top of each other and generate multipliers for that spin. 2 wilds on the same position generate a X2 multiplier. 3 wilds on the same position generate a X3 multiplier.

20. Paylines passing through a stacked wild multiplier are multiplied accordingly.

21. Before evaluating the payouts for the last spin of the bonus game, all remaining walking and climbing wilds complete their paths leaving a trace of wilds behind. These wilds do not generate any multipliers. 

22. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
23. The bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached.

24. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode.	

25. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode.

26. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Lake's Five is 96.3%

27. The game has a maximum win of 216,000 coins.

28. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.


Last updated 2021-05-11

X-iter rules
The respins are trigged by 2 scatter symbols. The scatters turn to wilds. The reels with the wilds move one step downwards for every respin.
3 scatter symbols turn to keys and start The Heist Bonus Game with 10 free spins. Every additional key in the bonus game generates 1 extra free spin.
The wild symbol substitutes any other symbol on a payline.
Wild symbols crossing paths and ending up on the same position generate a multiplier for that spin.
Walking, sticky and climbing wilds are unlocked as 3 keys are collected on reels 1, 3 and 5.
The walking wild moves rightwards one reel for every spin.
The sticky wild stays for the remaining spins.
The climbing wild moves upwards one row for every spin.