Key features
Name in English The Wiz
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. The Wiz is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with 178 connecting paylines.

2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. The Wiz is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.

10. The Wizard (scatter) symbol is the bonus trigger appearing on all reels.

(a) In Normal mode two Wizards give 1 free spin, three Wizards give 5 free spins, four Wizards give 7 free spins, and five Wizards give 10 free spins.
(b) If already in the Bonus mode, one Wizard gives 1 extra free spin and two Wizards give 2 extra free spins; while three, four, and five Wizards still give 5, 7, and 10 extra free spins respectively.
11. The free spins frequency has been artificially increased to the benefit of the player.

12. In Bonus mode all low value symbols are swapped with their respective high value symbol: the Spoon turns into the Potion, the Key turns into the Chest, the Brooch turns into the Moon, and the Ring turns into the Sun.

13. The dragon symbol is a wild multiplier in both the Normal mode and Bonus mode. It substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbol.

14. The dragon symbol is assigned a random multiplier between x2 and x5 as it lands. The multiplier is applied to all connecting paylines passing through the symbol. In case of multiple dragon symbols on a connecting payline the multipliers are added to make up the total applied multiplier.
15. The dragon symbol becomes a walking wild in Bonus mode. All dragon symbols retain their multiplier and move leftwards one reel for every spin until all of them have left the screen.

16. Free spins are paused in case a dragon symbol lands and resumed once all dragon symbols have left the screen to the left.

17. The bonus mode ends when no dragon symbols remain in view, no free spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached.

18. Winnings are paid out at the end of the Bonus mode.	

19. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode.
20. The theoretical payout (RTP) in The Wiz is 96.1%

21. The game has a maximum win of 500,000 coins.

22. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.


Last updated 2021-05-10

X-iter rules
During Wizspins the wild dragon symbol becomes a walking multiplier wild, walking leftwards one reel for every spin. It substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbol.
The wild dragon symbol has a multiplier ranging from x2 to x5 and it substitutes for all symbols except for the bonus symbol. Several dragon symbols on the same payline are additive.
In Wizspins all low value symbols swap to their respective high value symbols.
Two or more bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger Wizspins. Wizspins can be retriggered.