Key features
Name in English Win Win
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Win Win is a 3 reel, 3 rows slot with 17 connecting paylines.
	
2. The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.

3. Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.

4. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per active payline is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.

7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Win Win is played in three modes; Normal mode, Locked Reels Respins mode and Bonus mode.

10. Identical hits on the first and third reels trigger Locked Reels Respins with 3 respins.

11. The first and third reels lock during Locked Reels Respins while the middle reel spins normally.

12. Locked Reels Respins can be triggered in Normal mode and in Bonus mode.

13. Win symbols only appear on the first and third reels, and they are only in play and take action on the horizontal central payline (special payline).

14. One Win symbol on the special payline pays out three of a kind of the other two symbols along the same payline. Two Win symbols on the special payline pay out a x10 multiplier applied on the symbol in the middle on the special payline.

15. A combination of one Win symbol and two bonus symbols, or two Win symbols and one bonus symbol on the special payline, in Normal and Locked Reels Respins mode trigger Bonus mode.

16. The golden 777 symbol only appears on the middle reel. It comes in play together with wilds or together with Win symbols on the special payline. 

17. Paylines of only wilds pay as the highest value symbol.

18. A combination of 3 bonus symbols (scatters) anywhere on the reels during Normal or Locked Reels Respins mode triggers Bonus mode. The bonus symbols become wild during Bonus mode and can not retrigger the bonus game. 

19. The bonus game starts off at a random level along the multiplier ladder, with 5 steps; x2, x4, x6, x8 and x10. Every win on the reels advances the multiplier one step up to the maximum x10, and every non-win reduces it one step. The multiplier is adjusted after the potential payout. 

20. If the first and third reels have identical symbols and 3 bonus symbols hit in the same spin both Locked Reels Respins and Bonus mode are awarded. In such a case the spins in the Bonus mode will be played first before continuing to the respins in Locked Reels Respins mode.

21. The bonus game multiplier can advance during the respins in case the Locked Reels Respin feature is triggered in Bonus mode, but it will not decrease. 

22. The Win Win bonus game ends when the multiplier passes below the lowest level or when the maximum win has been reached.

23. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.	



24. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode.

25. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Win Win is __RTP__.

26. The game has a maximum win of __TBB__ the placed bet.

27. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.

   
Last updated 2022-01-19

X-iter rules