Key features
Name in English Ice Wolf
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Ice Wolf is a 6 column, 3 rows slot with up to 729 ways to win. Two additional sections of reels, one of 6x3 (middle) and one of 6x1 (top) may come into play bringing it up to a total of 7 rows and 74,088 ways to win.
	
2. The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.

3. Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.

4. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per active payline is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.

7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Ice Wolf is played in two modes; Normal mode and Respin mode.

10. All spins in Normal mode starts with only the bottom reel section with 6 columns, 3 rows and 729 ways to win.

11. A winning combination in Normal mode triggers Respin mode and the removal of ice upwards. The number of symbols per column, included in the winning combination, corresponds to the number of symbols cleared from ice in respective column, up to the maximum of 7 rows per column. The removal of ice may create additional winning combinations but they do not trigger further removal of ice. Payout occurs after the removal of ice and wins award one respin.

12. Respin mode ends when there are no new respins awarded (from new winning combinations, new Ice Wolves, or sticky +1 Spin symbols) or when the maximum win has been reached.

13. An Ice Wolf symbol is only in play when it is not covered by ice. It takes action after the payout and clears away all the ice along its column and leaves a trail of wilds behind, from its position up to the top of the middle reel section. Removal of ice and trails of wilds triggered by Ice Wolves are performed on spinning reels. One respin is awarded in case the Ice Wolf (or several Ice Wolves) landed in a non-winning spin. 

14. The top reel section contains multiplier symbols (x2, x3, x5, x10 and x50), +1 Spin symbols and wild symbols.

15. All the reels in the top section spin individually in every spin until they stop on a multiplier, a wild or a +1 Spin symbol. The landed symbol stays sticky throughout potential respins but it is only activated once its ice is cleared away.

16. A +1 Spin symbol which is free from ice comes into play on a spin without any new winning combinations or Ice Wolf symbols. It awards an additional respin and spins away in that respin. The symbols are used from left to right in case there are more than one active +1 Spin symbols.

17. Active multipliers in the top reel section are additive and are applied on all wins no matter where they appear.

18. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Ice Wolf symbol, multiplier symbols and the +1 Spin symbol.

19. Winnings are paid out at the end of the respins.

20. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Respin mode.

21. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Ice Wolf is __RTP__.

22. The game has a maximum win of __TBB__ the placed bet.

23. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.

   
Last updated 2022-01-18

X-iter rules
The Ice Wolf reels are divided in three sections; top, middle and bottom. The top and middle section reels come into play once the ice is cleared away. Winning symbols clear away ice above in a corresponding amount. Wins trigger the respin feature and the respins continue as long as additional wins occur.
The top section contains special symbols: multipliers, wild symbols and +1 Spin symbols.
The multipliers are x2, x3, x5, x10 and x50. Once activated, these will multiply wins regardless of in which column they are. Multipliers are additive and sticky until the end of the round.
Wild symbols on the top section are sticky until the end of the round.
The +1 Spin symbol is sticky until used for a respin.
The Ice Wolf symbol triggers a wolfpack that clears away all ice on that column, leaving a trail of wilds from its position and upwards, and awarding one respin.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any regular symbol.