Key features
Name in English Hit It Big
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Hit it Big is a 5 reel, 3 rows slot with 5 paylines. 
	
2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the longest payline per active bet line is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Hit it Big is played in three modes; Normal mode, Bonus mode, and the Hit it Big mode. 

10. The Normal mode contains reels and feature buttons.

11. A feature is triggered in case the feature buttons above and below a reel are identical when the reels stop.

12. If a feature is triggered, the feature buttons that triggered the feature are locked until the game ends.
13. There are 7 different features:
- 2x Multiplier
- 5x Multiplier
- 10x Multiplier
- 50x Multiplier
- Respin
- Stacked Wilds
- Locked Wilds

14. The 2x, 5x, 10x and 50x Multiplier features multiply all wins in the Normal mode by 2, 5, 10 and 50 times the payline, respectively. Multiple multipliers can be awarded simultaneously in which case they are added together.

15. The Respin feature awards one respin. All other potentially triggered features are applied during this respin.
16. The Stacked Wilds feature covers the whole reel between the upper and lower triggering feature buttons with wild symbols prior to the payout.

17. The Locked Wilds feature covers reel 1 and 5 with wilds during 3 respins. Reels 1 and 5, and their respective feature buttons, are locked during the respins. All other potentially triggered features are applied during the respins as well.

18. The combination of 3 symbols stating “HIT IT BIG” on reel 2, 3 and 4 immediately triggers the Bonus mode.

19. The Bonus game is played first in case the bonus mode and a feature awarding respins are triggered in the same spin. The respin feature is activated when the bonus game has ended.

20. The Bonus mode is played on the 5x5 grid of screens above the reels.
21. During the Bonus mode, each screen either shows an image, a multiplier, a Bandit, or an arrow.
- If the marker stops on a multiplier, the multiplier multiplies the bet and the win is awarded, and then the screen turns into a Bandit.
- If the marker stops on a Bandit, the bonus game ends and the game returns to Normal mode. 
- If the marker stops on an arrow pointing inwards means a transition to the next level. A stop on an arrow pointing outwards means a transition back to the previous level.

22. A marker moves randomly between the screens on the active circle in Bonus and Hit it Big mode. The marker stops as the player hits the screen or as the timer times out.
23. The Bonus mode starts with the marker only moving between the outer 16 screens on the 5x5 grid. Hitting an inward pointing arrow sends the marker to the inner 8 screens. Hitting an inward pointing arrow in the inner circle will transitions the game into the highest level - Hit it Big mode.

24. During Hit it Big mode, the outer 16 screens show multipliers. The multiplier on which the marker ends up, after it has stopped, multiplies the current active bet and that win is awarded. Thereafter the game returns to Normal mode.

25. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.	

26. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode.

27. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Hit it Big is 96.0%
28. The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins.

29. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
   

Last updated 2021-05-10

X-iter rules
A feature matching above and below a reel triggers that feature.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol.
Covers reel 1 and 5 with wilds and locks them during 3 respins.
Covers the whole reel with wilds for the current spin.
Multiplies a payline with the corresponding multiplier.
A stop reveal a random multiplier of the bet and leaves a Bandit symbol. A hit on arrows pointing inwards activates the inner circle and increases the chance to reach the highest level - Hit it Big!, which awards a spin resulting in a payout between 100x and 1000x the bet.
A hit on the arrows moves the game between the different bonus game levels.
A hit in the bonus game leaves a Bandit symbol behind. Hitting a Bandit symbol ends the bonus game.