Key features
Name in English Katmandu Gold
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
Katmandu Gold is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns may expand upwards to a maximum of 9 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Katmandu Gold is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free drops.
All symbol drops in Normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
All low, mid and high value and wild symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, super 2x2, mega 3x3 and epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol and the Ice Climber symbol.
Empty spaces below paying big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state. Empty spaces below a big Ice Climber symbol are filled with 1x1 sized wild symbols.
Ice Climber symbols of size 1x1 and 2x2 may drop down in any symbol drop.
Two or more Ice Climber symbols anywhere in view in Normal and Bonus mode trigger a replacement of symbols when there are no additional wins. The Ice Climber symbol itself, and all symbols straight above it, are replaced by individual instances of paying symbols.
In case an Ice Climber feature passes through a big symbol, the big symbol will be replaced by a given symbol of the same size.
In case an Ice Climber feature passes through an Expanding Win symbol, the expansion function will remain in its position and apply on the new symbol instead.
In case an Ice Climber feature is activated on the 8th row, it will add an additional 9th row of symbols.
Bonus symbols are not affected by the Ice Climber feature.
Wild symbols are not affected by the 1x1 Ice Climber feature. In case an 2x2 Ice Climber feature passes through a Wild symbol, it will be replaced by the applicable symbol in the given symbol combination of the same size.
Any paying or Wild symbol of size 1x1 can drop down as an Expanding Win symbol. Arrows indicate in which direction the symbol will expand when it is part of a win. All symbols along the direction of an arrow will be replaced by the Expanding Win symbol. The expansion occurs after other potential wins have been paid out.
In case an expansion feature passes through a big symbol, the big symbol will be replaced by an expansion symbol of the same size.
The Expanding Win feature does not affect Ice Climber symbols, bonus symbols or wild symbols.
The wins in current symbol drop are collected, and then all symbols which are part of a winning combination explode and give space for additional symbols to drop down from above. This next symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols at the top (up to the maximum 9 rows), resulting in an increased number of ways to win. The new result is paid out accordingly and the avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
9 rows: 531,441 ways to win
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free drops.
3 bonus symbols: 10 free drops
4 bonus symbols: 15 free drops
5 bonus symbols: 20 free drops
6 bonus symbols: 25 free drops.
Every free drop starts at 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
Three or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the same way as when initially retriggering the bonus game.
Every bonus symbol in Bonus mode increases the multiplier one step prior to the payout of the current symbol drop. The multiplier is persistent between drops and is applied for all subsequent free drops in the ongoing bonus game.
The free drops bonus game always starts with the active multiplier set to x1. An achieved multiplier never decreases during an ongoing free drops bonus game.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing symbol drop or in Bonus mode.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Katmandu Gold is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2023-10-12

X-iter rules
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the Multiplier Free Drops bonus game. Free drops can be retriggered.
The Free Drops game features a multiplier, which can increase in value.
In the Free Drops game, every bonus symbol increases the multiplier, which is applied on all subsequent wins.
When it is a part of a win the Expanding Win symbol will expand in the direction of the arrows. Expansions replace all symbols in their path.
Two or more Ice Climber symbols trigger the feature. The feature replaces the Ice Climber symbol and all symbols above. In case the Ice Climber feature is activated on the 8th row, it will add an additional 9th row of symbols.
Super, mega and epic symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may drop down in any symbol drop.
All symbols which are part of a win explode and leave space for additional symbol drops, and an additional row of symbols is added at the top up to a maximum of 8 rows. The avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol and the Ice Climber symbol.