Key features
Name in English Illogicool
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Illogicool is a game with 6 columns and 6 rows slot with the top row acting as a Cool reel, dropping symbols and 46,656 ways to win.

2. The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.

3. Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.

4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.

7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Illogicool is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free drops.

10. Wild symbols substitute for any symbol except any Wild feature symbol, Troubles feature symbol and Bonus or Super Bonus scatter symbols. A payline of all Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.

11. The Cool reel is on top of the main grid of 5 rows and slides in paying symbols and feature symbols from the right. The paying symbols, including Wild and Locked Wild symbols are active and in play while the feature symbols; Monster Wild and Troubles are inactive until they drop down into the main grid to become active and may trigger.

12. Each winning combination in the entire grid, main grid and Cool reel, is paid and the symbols, except unspent Locked Wild symbols, are removed from the grid. Remaining symbols in the main grid drop down and if there are empty cells in the Cool reel, it will be refilled from the right, pushing all symbols to the left. This cycle repeats for new winning combinations. When there are no more wins, symbols will drop down from the Cool reel to fill empty cells below in the main grid followed by a main grid refill and a Cool reel refill. When a Feature symbol has dropped from the Cool reel into the main grid it becomes active. This complete Avalanche cycle repeats for new winning combinations.

13. The female and male character symbols may appear as a larger 1x2 symbol and is then paid as 2 stacked single symbols on winnings. When a character symbol drops from the Cool reel it will expand upwards into a 1x2 symbol, if there is space above in the main grid.

14. The Locked Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last for 3 winnings. It is removed after the last win.

15. The Monster Wild feature symbol is a green slimy Wild symbol active only in the main grid and triggered by a win. It then expands vertically upwards and downwards in the main grid until it is blocked by a winning line or a non-sticky Troubles, Bonus or Super Bonus symbol.

16. The Troubles symbol is a blue hairy feature symbol active when in the main grid. A Troubles symbol adjacent, side-by-side, to another Troubles symbol in the main grid, sticky or not, will be pushed up to the top right corner of the cell, become sticky and leaving the cell empty allowing for new symbols to drop in.

17. For subsequent wins, the sticky mini Troubles reproduce and increase in number and spread to adjacent cells in the main grid. If all cells in the main grid are already filled with sticky Troubles, no more spreading will occur.

18. At the first non-win, all paying symbols in cells with a sticky Troubles symbol will be changed to one and the same random pay or Wild symbol. Bonus symbols will be upgraded to Super Bonus symbols. Wild, Locked Wild, Monster Wild and Super Bonus symbols will stay unchanged. The sticky mini Troubles are then consumed.

19. A Troubles symbol in a cell with an existing sticky mini Troubles symbol, is removed and triggers an extra reproduction and spread of sticky mini Troubles. Double Troubles rule.

20. Any combination of at least 3 Bonus or Super Bonus symbols appearing anywhere in the main grid in Normal mode trigger the Bonus mode with free drops. The Super Bonus symbol also adds to the Win Multiplier.
• 3, 4, 5 or 6 Bonus or Super Bonus symbols will award 10, 15, 20 or 25 Free Drops.
• 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 Super Bonus symbols will award an x5, x10, x15, x20, x25 or x30 Win Multiplier.

21. In the Bonus mode, the Cool reel also contains the following additional feature symbols, which are triggered when dropping down from the Cool reel:
• Extra Drops: Adds 1, 2 or 5 extra Free Drops.
• Win Multiplier: Adds x1, x2 or x3 to the Win Multiplier.

22. The Bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the main grid and the Cool reel. The exception is Locked Wild symbols which will remain in the Cool reel or main grid from the normal mode. The symbols in the Cool reel remain between the free drops.

23. A game round ends if the maximum win is reached.

24. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.

25. No bets can be changed during a game round.

26. The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.

27. The game has a maximum win of __TBB__ the bet.

28. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
 
Last updated 2021-12-06

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
• SUPER BONUS: Buy a game round with 3-6 Bonus symbols, with at least 2 of them being Super Bonus symbols, triggering the Bonus game. Initial Win Multiplier is at least x10. Cost is 500x the bet.
• BUY BONUS: Buy a game round with 3-6 Bonus symbols triggering the Bonus game. Cost is 100x the bet.
• TROUBLES: Buy a game round with at least 2 Troubles adjacent to each other triggering the push to sticky mini Troubles. Cost is 25x the bet.
• LOCKED WILDS: Buy a game round with at least 3 Locked Wild symbols in the first drop. Cost is 10x the bet.
• GUARANTEED WIN: Buy a game round with a guaranteed winning combination. Cost is 5x the bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-04-25
Spreads over symbols and creates large areas that finally change all symbols into one and the same.
3 or more Bonus and Super Bonus symbols trigger the Free Drops Bonus game starting with upto 25 Free Drops and x30 Multipliers.
The top row is a Cool reel with paying and feature symbols sliding in from the right.
Feature symbols becomes active when dropping down to the main grid.

On winnings, symbols explode starting chain reactions of gravity symbol drops and Cool reel refills, followed by Cool reel drops and possible new refills of the main grid and the Cool reel. New wins will keep the avalanche going until no more wins occur.
Adjacent Troubles are pushed up on top of the cell and become sticky. Spreads on subsequent wins to finally turn all covered symbols into one and the same paying symbol. Bonus symbols will instead upgrade to Super Bonus symbols.
A Double Troubles triggers an extra spreading of sticky Troubles.
A payline of all Wild symbols pays as the highest value symbol.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Bonus or Feature symbols.
A Wild symbol charged to stay locked for 3 winnings.
Triggers on wins and expands up and down over non-winning paying symbols.
Increases the Win Multiplier in the bonus game.