Key features
Name in English Toro 7s
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Toro 7s is a 3 reel, 3 rows slot with 17 connecting paylines.

2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.

4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.

7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Toro 7s is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with multiplier free spins.

10. Toro is a multiplier wild symbol that appears on reel 3 which triggers the Nudging Respin feature. Toro nudges downwards one step at a time until he disappears from view, generating a respin for each step.

11. The Matador is a wild symbol that appears on reel 2 which triggers the Nudging Respin feature. The Matador nudges downwards one step at a time until he disappears from view, generating a respin for each step.

12. If the Matador and Toro are in view simultaneously, reel 3 and Toro will lock in place while the Matador nudges and generates respins. Toro will resume nudging and generating respins when the Matador is no longer in view.

13. 3 bonus symbols in view during Normal mode trigger the Bonus mode with multiplier free spins. 10 free spins with an x5 multiplier applied to all paylines are awarded.

14. 3 bonus symbols in view during free spins trigger the Lucky Sevens feature with 3 spins. 

15. During the Lucky Sevens feature, green, blue and red seven-symbols are collected on the first, second and third reel as follows: 
Green sevens on reel 1
Blue sevens on reel 2
Red sevens on reel 3

16. Any linewin or correct seven-symbol on its designated reel during the Lucky Sevens feature resets the number of spins remaining to 3. The number of spins remaining can never exceed 3.

17. Seven-symbols are continuously collected on their designated reels during the Lucky Sevens feature. When the Lucky Sevens feature ends, the player is awarded the wins currently achieved according to the Lucky Sevens feature paytable. Maximum 5 of each seven-symbol type can be collected.

18. If the triggers for Bonus mode with free spins or the Lucky Sevens feature occur during or coincide with the Nudging Respins, the Nudging Respins will be paused and then resumed when the triggered feature has ended.

19. If a Toro symbol contributes to a winning combination during the multiplier free spins, Toro’s multiplier value is multiplied with the multiplier value already applied to its respective paylines.

20. Bonus mode ends when no free spins remain.

21. Winnings are paid out when all triggered features have ended.

22. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.

23. A game round ends if the maximum win is reached.

24. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Toro 7s is __RTP__.

25. The game has a maximum win of __TBB__ the placed bet.

26. In the event of a malfunction, all bets and wins are void.

   
Last updated 2021-10-29

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Chili spin:
1 high volatility spin at the cost of 5x the selected bet.
Nudging respins: 
1 spin with a guaranteed Matador or Toro at the cost of 10x the selected bet.
Nudging Chili respins: 
1 high volatility spin with a guaranteed Matador or Toro at the cost of 25x the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees entry to the Bonus mode with multiplier free spins at the cost of 100x the selected bet.
Super Chili Bonus:
Guarantees entry to a high volatility Super Bonus mode with multiplier free spins and a progressive multiplier that increases for every nudge, free spin and Lucky Sevens feature spin at the cost of 500x the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Toro 7s is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2024-04-18
The Matador is a wild symbol that triggers the Nudging Respin feature. The Matador awards respins until it nudges out of view.
Toro is a multiplier wild symbol that triggers the Nudging Respin feature. The Toro awards respins until it nudges out of view. If the Matador and Toro are in view at the same time, Toro locks in place until the Matador has nudged out of view.
3 bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the free spins bonus game with all paylines X5.
3 bonus symbols anywhere in view during the free spins bonus game trigger the Lucky Sevens feature.
Collect green sevens on reel 1, blue sevens on reel 2 and red sevens on reel 3 to advance through the Lucky Sevens paytable. 3 spins are awarded and any linewin or correct seven-symbol on its designated reel resets the number of spins remaining to 3. Collect 5 of each seven on its respective reel to win the maximum payout.