Key features
Name in English Fate of Fortune
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Fate of Fortune is a 5 reels, 5-3-1-3-5 rows slot with 81 connecting paylines.

2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency.

3. Each bet is 100 coins.

4. Bet lines are paid from left to right and from right to left. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.

7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Fate of Fortune is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.

10. Any Wild symbol appears in Normal mode and Bonus mode and substitutes for any symbol except the Bonus scatter symbol. A payline of all Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.

11. EXPANDING WILD: Wild symbol appearing on reel 2 and 4. It expands 1 reel outwards to the outer reel, with a guaranteed winning.

12. MYSTERY: Mystery symbols appear stacked on reel 1, 2, 4 and 5. They turn all into the same paying symbol at the end of a spin.

13. A game round starts in Normal mode with new symbols spinning in and a chance of a Fortune's Favor feature activated in the Crystal Ball.

14. Fortune's Favor features activated from the Crystal Ball are:
• LADY SWAP: The activated Lady symbol will replace all other Lady symbols on the reels.
• MULTIPLIER: Multiplies any win with this win multiplier. Can be up to x50.
• WALKING WILD: Places a Wild symbol on reel 3. It triggers a respin, splits itself and walks one reel to the left and the right. This continues until the symbol is out of the reels, thus awarding 3 respins in total. Additional Fortune's Favor features can be awarded during Walking Wild respins.
• LOCKED WILD: Places and locks a Wild symbol on reel 3 with a Locked Wild multiplier of x1. In case of a no-win, a respin is triggered with the Locked Wild multiplier increased by x2. This repeats for every no-win until you get a win which ends the respins. Lady Swap and Multiplier features can be awarded during the respins.

15. 3 or 4 Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in Normal mode triggers the free spins bonus game.

16. Free spins bonus game starts with one guaranteed Mystery symbol stack landing on reel 1, 2, 4 or 5 and a free spins win multiplier of x1. If bonus game was triggered by 4 bonus symbols you will get guaranteed Mystery symbol stacks on two reels. The guaranteed Mystery symbol stacks initially lands with the first symbol on the top row. Further Mystery symbol stacks may spin in on any position on any other reel except reel 3.

17. For each free spin, the Mystery symbol stack will nudge down one row and the free spins win multiplier will be incremented by 1. The mystery symbols revealed will be new every time.

18. Free spins bonus game last until no more Mystery symbols are appearing.

19. A game round ends if the maximum win is reached.

20. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.

21. No bets can be changed during a game round.

22. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 95.0%

23. The game has a maximum win of 10,000x the bet.

24. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
 
Last updated 2021-06-21

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
• SUPER BONUS - Buy a BONUS round with a Fortune's Favor in every spin.
Guarantees a game round with 3-4 Bonus symbols triggering the bonus game with a guaranteed Fortune's Favor in every spin. Cost is 500x the bet.
• BIG BONUS - Buy a BONUS round with the multiplier starting at x5.
Guarantees a game round with 3-4 Bonus symbols triggering the bonus game starting with the free spins win multiplier at x5. Cost is 200x the bet.
• BONUS - Buy a BONUS round.
Guarantees a game round with 3 or 4 Bonus symbols triggering the Bonus game. Cost is 100x the bet.
• 100% FORTUNE'S FAVOR - 3 spins with a Fortune's Favor in every spin.
3 spins with a guaranteed Fortune's Favor in every spin. Cost is 50x the bet.
• 100% WIN - No dead game rounds, only wins.
1 game round with a guaranteed winning. Cost is 5x the bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are 95.0%.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-04-23
The crystal ball reveals extra game features.
Swaps all Lady high value symbols to the same.
3 Respins with a Wild symbol splitting to walk both ways out.
Respins with a locked Wild symbol until you win. Progressive multiplier for every respin.
Progressive win multiplier increase for every free spin.
3-4 Bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game.
Mystery symbol stacks nudge down for every free spin.
Free spins last until mo more Mystery symbols appearing.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Bonus symbol.
Wild symbol on reel 2 and 4 expands outwards to the outer reel.
Stacked mystery symbols on reel 1, 2, 4 and 5 turns into the same paying symbol.