Key features
Name in English Book of Toro
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
Book of Toro is a 5 reel, 3 rows slot with spinning reels and 10 paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Book of Toro is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.
The wild and the wild book symbol substitute for any symbol except the mummy, Toro and other wild symbols.
A payline of only wild symbols pay as the highest value symbol.
Toro is a Walking Wild symbol that only appears on reel 5. The Toro moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step.
Book symbols are kept sticky as long as at least one Toro is in view. A potential Bonus mode will be triggered when all wins have been paid out and all Toro symbols have left the screen.
Two or more mummy symbols trigger Mummy Respin. The mummy symbols lock into position and stay sticky during the following respin.
Additional mummy symbols appearing during ongoing Mummy Respin might prolong the respins. All Mummy Respins end when a Toro appears.
Landing a Toro when mummy symbols are in view or landing one or more mummy symbols when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature.
During the Toro Goes Wild feature, Toro moves vertically and then horizontally to knock all mummy symbols off, leaving wild symbols behind. Toro continues to attack until all mummy symbols are defeated.
Toro starts by attacking mummy symbols on the same reel. He then looks to the left and continues to attack to the left as long as there are additional mummy symbols. He finally looks to the right and attacks all mummy symbols on his rights side.
Only one Toro is actively attacking mummy symbols at a time. He will stay active until he leaves the screen, even though there might be more than one Toro on the reels.
Three or more book symbols during Normal mode trigger the Bonus mode with free spins.
3 book symbols: 10 free spins
4 book symbols: 15 free spins
5 book symbols: 20 free spins
A symbol is randomly selected for expansion and scatter pay at the beginning of Bonus mode.
At least two instances of a high or mid value expanding symbol, or at least three instances of a low value expanding symbol, on individual reels are required to trigger the scatter pay feature. After potential payline wins the expanding symbols expand to cover the whole reels and pay out a scatter win.
Toro substitutes for an expanding symbol on one reel if there is at least one expanding symbol on another reel. A wild symbol can not trigger the expansion feature.
An expanding symbol that becomes covered by a wild when Toro passes over it during his chase for mummy symbols can still trigger the scatter pay feature.
Free spins are put on hold when a Toro appears or when Mummy Respin is triggered. The bonus game is reactivated when the last Toro leaves the screen and all respins are completed. The scatter pay feature is kept active until the Bonus mode ends.
Three or more book symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free spins, and an additional expanding symbol is selected. Up to 3 expanding symbols can be selected thereafter only additional free spins will be awarded. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Book of Toro is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2023-10-11

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Mummy Respin: 
1 spin with guaranteed Mummy Respin at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Toro: 
1 spin with a guaranteed Toro at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. All book symbols that appear during the respins remain Sticky.
Mini Bonus: 
3 spins with a randomly selected expansion symbol applicable for the scatter pay feature at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Free Spins bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super Free Spins bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. The persistent multiplier starts at x1 and increases one step at the beginning of each subsequent respin and free spin. All book symbols that appear are sticky and expansion symbols are kept sticky as long as at least one additional expansion symbol lands in view, or until there is at least one expansion symbol on each reel.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Book of Toro is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-10-11
Three or more books trigger the free spins bonus game. A symbol is randomly selected as expansion symbol at the beginning of the bonus game. Free spins can be retriggered.
Two high or mid value expansion symbols, or three low value expansion symbols trigger a symbol expansion covering the whole reels. The expansion awards scatter wins.
Toro is a Walking Wild that awards respins as he moves. During the Toro Goes Wild feature Toro leaves wild symbols behind as he knocks off and defeats mummies.
During Toro Goes Wild all book symbols are kept sticky.
The wild and the wild book symbol substitute for any symbol except the mummy, Toro and other wild symbols. A payline of only wild symbols pay as the highest value symbol.