Key features
Name in English Propaganda
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
1. Propaganda is a 6 reel, 6 row slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins.

2. The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.

3. Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.

4. A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected.

5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.

6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.

7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.

8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). The player can change preference in Settings.

9. Propaganda is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.

10. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols.

11. The multiplier wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols. 

12. All multiplier wild symbols that contribute to winning clusters multiply the winning amount of their respective clusters before the total multiplier is applied.

13. The total multiplier applies to all winning clusters. Each winning symbol increases the total multiplier by one after the payout of the current result. The total multiplier remains active throughout the Avalanche feature and can never reset during an ongoing game round.

14. Each winning cluster generates a wild symbol that appears in one of the empty spaces created after the explosion of the winning symbols.

15. The multiplier values of the wild symbols are added together and applied to the generated wild symbol if several wild symbols contribute to the same winning cluster. Normal wild symbols are counted as having a multiplier value of 1.

16. All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.

17. The Wild Strike feature replaces symbols in view with wild symbols or multiplier wild symbols and can occur in any drop. Bonus, free drop, super bonus, wild or multiplier symbols can not be replaced. The Super Wild Strike feature replaces symbols with only multiplier symbols.

18. 3 bonus symbols anywhere in view during normal mode trigger the bonus mode with free drops.

19. The total multiplier is persistent between free drops in bonus mode.

20. A free drops symbol in combination with 3 bonus symbols in normal mode awards additional free drops. Landing individual free drops symbols in bonus mode awards additional free drops. 

21. 1 Super bonus symbol and 2 bonus symbols trigger the Super bonus game with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike at the beginning of each free drop. A Super bonus symbol during a regular bonus game turns the ongoing bonus game into a Super bonus game.

22. Bonus mode ends when no free drops remain.

23. Winnings are paid out when all triggered features have ended.

24. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.

25. A game round ends if the maximum win is reached.

26. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Propaganda is __RTP__.

27. The game has a maximum win of __TBB__ the placed bet.

28. In the event of a malfunction, all bets and wins are void.
   
Last updated 2022-03-15

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super bonus game with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike at the beginning of each free drop at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game with free drops at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Super Wild Strike: 
A symbol drop with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Wild Strike: 
A symbol drop with a guaranteed Wild Strike at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
A symbol drop with more than double the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Propaganda is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2024-03-13
Each winning cluster generates a wild symbol.
Multiple wild symbols in a winning cluster merge into a multiplier wild.
Multiplier wild symbols that connect multiple winning clusters are split into the respective clusters.
The Wild Strike feature randomly replaces symbols with wild symbols or multiplier wild symbols.
Multiplier wild symbols are applied to their winning clusters before the total multiplier is applied.
The wild symbols substitute for any symbol except the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more vertically or horizontally connected identical symbols.
The total multiplier applies to all winning clusters, and each winning symbol increases the total multiplier.
3 bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game.
Additional free drops are awarded by the free drops symbol.
The total multiplier is persistent between free drops in the bonus game.
1 Super bonus symbol and 2 bonus symbols trigger the Super bonus game with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike feature in every free drop. A Super bonus symbol during the bonus game turns the ongoing bonus game into a Super bonus game.
The Super Wild Strike feature randomly replaces symbols with multiplier wild symbols.