Key features
Name in English Nitropolis 3
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Max exposure 50000 x
Max win single spin 50000 x

Game description

Game rules
Nitropolis 3 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on consecutive reels. In case of Both Ways the wins can also begin with the rightmost reel and pay right to left only on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Nitropolis 3 is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.
All spins in Normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
A small Nitro Reel always covers two symbol places and contains 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12 identical 1x1 payout symbols. A big Nitro Reel always covers six symbol places and contains 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 identical 2x2 payout symbols.
A small Nitro Reel can contain a super bonus symbol and is then only counted as one 1x1 symbol regardless of the size indicator of the Nitro Reel. The number of ways to win resets to the previous number when the super bonus symbol spins out.
The wild symbol and all low, mid and high value symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. a Super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols and below big Nitro Reels are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, Both Ways, Redrop and the Nitro feature symbols. A wild symbol can land within a feature frame, and if it contributes to a win, it will be flipped into a Nitro feature symbol after the payout. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
All wins in the current symbol spin/drop are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode except for the Nitro Reels. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position, an additional row is added at the top and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Nitro Reels which are part of a winning combination are kept but respin during the symbol refill.
Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases. The number of ways to win also increases as the number of Nitro Reels and the quantity of symbols inside the Nitro Reels increase.
There are 3 different Nitro features which affect the Nitro Reels; Nitro Match, Nitro Upgrade and Nitro Wild. These Nitro features are activated when all symbols have landed but prior to the payout.
All symbols in the Nitro Reels on the same and on adjacent reels as the Nitro Match symbol will match with a payout symbol on an adjacent reel for each Nitro Reel. No matching is performed if no improvement is possible.
The number of symbols in the Nitro Reels on the same and on adjacent reels as the Nitro Upgrade symbol upgrades and increases to a higher number of symbols.
All symbols in the Nitro Reels on the same and on adjacent reels as the Nitro Wild symbol will be replaced by wild symbols.
A Nitro feature symbol can randomly flip into a wild symbol once its initial feature has been performed. The wild symbol can contribute to a win, and if so it will flip into a Nitro feature symbol after the payout.
The Both Ways and Redrop features will affect all reels. Nitro Reels are kept during the Redrop feature.
The Redrop feature is activated when there are no more wins. Bonus symbols, Nitro Reels, Nitro feature symbols and deactivated Redrop and Both Ways symbols remain during the Redrop. The Nitro Reels respin and the deactivated feature symbols flip over.
The Both Ways feature is activated when it lands prior to the payout. Then all ways will pay from left to right, and from right to left. The Both Ways feature remains active throughout the Avalanche feature.
Nitro feature symbols, Redrop and Both Ways symbols can randomly flip over and trigger an additional feature once their initial feature has been performed.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free spins. The Super Bonus game will be triggered in case at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol.
3 bonus symbols: 8 free spins
4 bonus symbols: 12 free spins
5 bonus symbols: 16 free spins
6 bonus symbols: 20 free spins
Super Bonus symbols can only appear in a small Nitro Reel. A super bonus symbol will only be counted as one no matter the Nitro Reel's size indicator. The number of ways to win resets to the previous number when the super bonus symbol spins out.
The free spins bonus game always starts with the safety level set to 4 rows. Every winning free spin advances the safety level one row.
The advancement of the safety level occurs after the payout. The next free spin starts from the new safety level. The safety level can at the most advance 4 rows resulting in a total of 8 rows.
During free spins, all Nitro Reels are kept and remain in play for the remaining free spins.
The Super Bonus game is played with 8 rows and Both Ways activated.
Three or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free spins. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game. The Super Bonus Game is triggered in case at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Nitropolis 3 is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-02-02

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super Free Spins bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. All free spins are played with 8 rows and Both Ways activated.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Free Spins bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Nitro Match:
1 spin with a guaranteed Nitro Match and Both Ways activated at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Big Nitro Reel:
1 spin with a guaranteed big Nitro Reel at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Boosted Bonus Chance: 
1 spin with more than double the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Nitropolis 3 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2024-02-02
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, Both Ways, Redrop and the Nitro feature symbols.
Small Nitro Reels cover two symbol positions and contain 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12 1x1 payout symbols. Big Nitro Reels cover six symbol positions and contain 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 2x2 payout symbols.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the Free Spins bonus game. All Nitro Reels are sticky during the free spins. Free spins can be retriggered.
A combination of bonus symbols and a super bonus symbol triggers the Super Bonus Game which is played at 8 rows and with Both Ways activated.
All symbols which are part of a win explode and leave space for additional symbol drops, and an additional row of symbols is added at the top up to a maximum of 8 rows. Nitro Reels which are part of a win respin. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Super, Mega and Epic symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may appear in any spin or symbol drop.
All winnings are paid out from left to right and right to left.
All bonus symbols and Nitro feature symbols remain, and Nitro Reels respin during the Redrop.
All symbols in the Nitro Reels on the same and on adjacent reels as the Nitro Wild symbol will be replaced by wild symbols.
Nitro Reels on the same and on adjacent reels as the Nitro Match symbol match with a payout symbol on an adjacent reel of the Nitro Reel.
Nitro Reels on the same and on adjacent reels as the Nitro Upgrade symbol upgrade and additional symbols are added to the Nitro Reels.
In the bonus game the safety level advances one row for every new free spin initiated that results in a win. Every new free spin starts at the current active safety level.