Key features
Name in English Pacific Gold
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
Pacific Gold is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Pacific Gold is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free drops.
All symbol drops in Normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
All low, mid, high and wild symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g a Super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state.
Big symbols clear away 1x1 symbols on their way downwards. Big symbols, Power Stacks, Pacific Waves, Ghost Boxes, bonus and wild symbols are not affected.
The Power Stack is a 1x1 sized symbol that represents a stack of 4 identical 1x1 payout symbols. It increases and represents 2 more symbol instances for each avalanche cycle of which it is not a part. A Power Stack which is not part of a win is affected by gravity.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Pacific Wave, Power Stack, Ghost Box and the bonus symbol.
The Pacific Wave is a horizontal stack of identical payout symbols that appears in size 1x2, 1x3 or 1x4. It falls downwards due to gravity but potential remaining empty spaces underneath it are filled by wild symbols.
The entire Pacific Wave is removed in case it becomes part of a win.
A Ghost Box in view collects all symbols which are part of a win. Bigger symbols are broken apart and are collected as individual 1x1 symbols. The collection ends when there are no additional wins and then the box explodes and reveals its content. The content is distributed row by row starting with the symbol type with the largest number of collected symbols. With the same number of collected instances, the most valuable symbol is prioritized.
Bonus symbols can not be collected in a Ghost Box.
All wins in the current symbol drop are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position, an additional row is added at the top and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free drops.
3 bonus symbols: 10 free drops
4 bonus symbols: 15 free drops
5 bonus symbols: 20 free drops
6 bonus symbols: 25 free drops
The free drops bonus game always starts with the safety level set to 4 rows. Every winning free drop advances the safety level one row.
The advancement of the safety level occurs after the payout. The next free drop starts from the new safety level. The safety level can at the most advance 4 rows resulting in a total of 8 rows with a maximum of 262,144 ways to win.
Three or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game.
At least one Pacific Wave is dropped in every free drop during bonus mode.
A Ghost Box that appears in the bonus game is persistent and remains in play for the remaining free drops. It explodes and reveals all its content when no free drops remain and no additional wins appear.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Pacific Gold is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2023-10-05

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super Free Drops bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. The persistent Ghost Box appears in the initial free drop.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Free Drops bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Ghost Box:
1 drop with a guaranteed Ghost Box at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Pacific Wave:
1 drop with a guaranteed Pacific Wave at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Big Symbol: 
1 drop with a guaranteed big symbol at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Pacific Gold is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-10-05
A Ghost Box collects all symbols which are part of a win. Bigger symbols are broken apart and are collected as individual 1x1 symbols.
The Ghost Box explodes and reveals its content when there are no additional wins. The content is distributed row by row starting with the symbol type with the largest number of collected symbols.
Super, Mega and Epic symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may drop down in any symbol drop.
All symbols which are part of a win explode and leave space for additional symbol drops, and an additional row of symbols is added at the top up to a maximum of 8 rows. The avalanche feature continuous as long as new winning combinations appears.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Pacific Wave, Power Stack, Ghost Box and the bonus symbol.
The Pacific Wave is a horizontal stack of identical payout symbols that appears in size 1x2, 1x3 or 1x4. Empty spaces underneath it are filled by wild symbols.
The Power Stack represents a stack of 4 identical payout symbols. It increases and represents 2 more symbol instances for each avalanche cycle of which it is not a part.
A Ghost Box that appears in the bonus game is persistent and continues to collect winning symbols throughout the bonus game. It explodes and reveals all its content when no free drops remain and no additional wins appear.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the Pacific Wave Free Drops bonus game. Free drops can be retriggered.
At least one Pacific Wave is dropped in every free drop. Empty spaces underneath it are filled by wild symbols.
In the bonus game the safety level advances one row for every new free drop initiated that results in a win. Every new free drop starts at the current active safety level.