Key features
Name in English Cygnus 2
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Standard 4,096 expanding up to 262,144 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Time is turned back to the later years of the Renaissance. Galileo Galilei is in his beloved observatory, where he is focused on watching the stars. The epic room with its dome shaped roof, and fantastic architecture fades in comparison to how bright the stars shine through the opened roof doors this evening.   

Cygnus 2 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows. The main feature is the global multiplier that is applied on all wins.

A bonus symbol reaching the leftmost column triggers the Free Drops bonus game. The multiplier is persistent during the whole bonus game.
Cygnus 2 has up to 262,144 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A Bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers Bonus mode with Free Drops. 7 Free Drops are awarded, and the current multiplier is brought into the bonus game. If another bonus symbol reaches the leftmost column during an active Bonus mode, it retriggers additional Free Drops. The Free Drops Bonus mode ends when no Free Drops remain or when the maximum win has been reached.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol and the multiplier symbols.
A Bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers Bonus mode with Free Drops. 7 Free drops are awarded, and the current multiplier is brought into the bonus game. Additional Free Drops can be triggered.
A multiplier symbol that reaches the leftmost column increases the current multiplier.
In X-iter mode 5 and 3, multiplier symbols are also wild. The multiplier symbols remain in the game until they are converted into regular wild symbols by reaching the leftmost column.

Game rules
Cygnus 2 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Cygnus 2 is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with Free Drops.
All symbol drops start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
All wins in the current symbol drop are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically, slide to the left and then right repeatedly until they reach a resting position. An additional row is added at the top and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol and the multiplier symbol.
A multiplier symbol that reaches the leftmost column increases the current active multiplier and then turns into a wild symbol. The multiplier increase and the symbol transition take place prior to the payout.
The current active multiplier is applied on all subsequent wins in the ongoing game round.
A multiplier symbol that ends up on the bottom row, in columns 2 to 6, will be removed and dropped down again in the column one step further to the left, if possible. The replacement occurs at the end of the current Avalanche cycle, and only once per cycle.
The multiplier is reset before the start of the next game round.
A Bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers Bonus mode with Free Drops. 7 Free drops are awarded, and the current active multiplier is brought into the bonus game.
A bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column during Bonus mode retrigger additional Free Drops.
Each new free drop starts with 4 rows and with the current active multiplier. The active multiplier is persistent through the bonus game.
A bonus symbol that ends up on the bottom row, in columns 2 to 6, will be removed and dropped down again in the column one step further to the left, if possible. The replacement occurs at the end of the current Avalanche cycle, and only once per cycle.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical pay out (RTP) in Cygnus 2 is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2023-11-17

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super Bonus game where multiplier symbols are also wild at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. The multiplier symbols remain until they are converted into regular wild symbols by reaching the leftmost column.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Multiplier wilds:
1 drop where multiplier symbols are also wild at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. The multiplier symbols remain until they are converted into regular wild symbols by reaching the leftmost column.
Multiplier:
1 drop with a guaranteed activated multiplier symbol at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
1 drop with more than double the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Cygnus 2 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2024-02-14
All symbols which are part of a win explode and leave space for additional symbol drops, and an additional row of symbols is added at the top up to a maximum of 8 rows. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The Rising Multiplier feature is initiated when a multiplier symbol reaches the leftmost column. This increases the current active multiplier with the multiplier value of the symbol.
The wild symbols substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol and the multiplier symbol.
A Bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers the Free Drops bonus game. Additional Free Drops can be triggered.
During the bonus game, the active multiplier is persistent between the Free Drops.