Key features
Name in English Cygnus
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
Cygnus is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols and up to 262,144 ways to win. The columns may expand upwards to a total of 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Cygnus is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free drops.
All symbol drops in Normal mode starts with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
The maximum number of rows are 8 with maximum 262,144 ways to win.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol and the multiplier scatter symbol.
The wins in the current symbol drop are collected and then all symbols included in a winning combination explode and disappear. The remaining symbols fall vertically, slide to the left and then right repeatedly until they reach a resting position. The new result is paid out accordingly and the avalanche cycle continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
When avalanche cycle ends, new symbols drop from above. This next symbol drop will add one additional row of symbols at the top, resulting in an increased number of ways to win.
The numbers of ways to win increase as the number of rows increase.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
The current active multiplier increases by a factor of two for every new multiplier scatter symbol ("X") that reaches the bottom row. It starts at x1 and continues up to a maximum of x64.
The current active multiplier is applied on all subsequent wins in the ongoing game round.
The multiplier is reset before the start of the next game round.
A bonus symbol (scatter) that reaches the first column triggers Bonus mode with free drops. 7 Free drops with 8 rows are awarded.
A bonus symbol that reaches the first column during Bonus mode retrigger Bonus mode.
The free drops bonus game always starts with the active multiplier set to x1.
Every new free drop starts at 8 rows and with the current active multiplier. An achieved multiplier never decreases during an ongoing free drops bonus game.
If the bonus symbol ends up in a dead zone where it is theoretically impossible for it to reach the first column, it explodes and is replaced by a new bonus symbol in the next symbol drop.
In the bonus game all multiplier symbols fall vertically, slide left and then right and become sticky at the end of a free drop and they remain sticky for the remaining free drops.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing symbol drop or in Bonus mode.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Cygnus is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2023-10-06

X-iter rules
All symbols which are part of a win explode and disappear. The avalanche cycle continues as long as new winning combinations appear. Additional symbols drop at the end of the avalanche cycle and an additional row of symbols is added at the top up to a maximum of 8 rows.
A bonus symbol that reaches the left pillar triggers the free drops bonus game, which is played with 8 rows. During the bonus game the multiplier scatter symbols are sticky and kept between free drops. Free drops can be retriggered.
Each consecutive multiplier scatter symbol reaching the bottom row increases the multiplier value: x2, x4, x8, x16, x32 and up to a maximum of x64. The active multiplier is applied on all subsequent symbol wins.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol and the multiplier scatter symbol.