Key features
Name in English Nitropolis
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5

Game description

Game rules
Nitropolis is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with up to 85,155,840 ways to win.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Nitropolis is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.
All spins in Normal mode and Bonus mode start with 6 reels, 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. In free spins wilds will substitute for the scatter paying symbol in a scatter win.
A Nitro Reel always covers two symbol places and can be of size 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12. The size represents the number of identical 1x1 symbol instances it contains, e.g. size 8 consists of 8 standard 1x1 symbols.
A bonus symbol can appear within a Nitro Reel but will only be counted as one no matter of the Nitro Reel's size and the number of ways to win is reduced. The size of the Nitro Reel remains when the bonus symbol spins out, and the number of ways to win increases again.
The wins in the current spin are collected and then all symbols and Nitro Reels which are part of a winning combination respin individually. The new result is paid out accordingly and the respin feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The number of ways to win increase as the number of Nitro Reels and the size of the Nitro Reels increase. It starts with 4,096 and may grow up to a maximum 85,155,840 ways.
A Nitro Reel can appear in an initial spin and randomly when two symbols vertically next to each other respin after a win.
One or more Nitro Reels in view can randomly increase in size during a respin or between free spins.
One or more Nitro Reels in view can randomly respin at the end of a spin when there are no additional wins.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free spins.
3 bonus symbols: 10 free spins
4 bonus symbols: 15 free spins
5 bonus symbols: 20 free spins
6 bonus symbols: 25 free spins
Three or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free spins. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game. An additional symbol is selected for the scatter wins up to a maximum of 3 scatter paying symbols.
All Nitro Reels lock in place in the bonus game and remain in play for the remaining free spins.
When entering Bonus mode, one paying symbol is randomly selected for scatter wins during the bonus game. Three or more scatter paying symbols on three different reels in view are needed to generate a win. A Nitro Reel containing the scatter paying symbol is only counted as one symbol instance when triggering the feature but represents its actual size in the potential payout.
Only the scatter win will pay out in case a symbol selected for scatter win in the bonus game appears in a normal win as well.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Nitropolis is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2023-10-12

X-iter rules
All symbols and Nitro Reels which are part of a win respin individually. The respin feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Nitro Reels containing 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12 identical symbols may appear in any spin.
A Nitro Reel can randomly upgrade in ways to win during a respin or between free spins.
Nitro Reels in view can randomly respin at the end of a spin when there are no additional wins.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. The bonus game can be retriggered.
A symbol is randomly selected for scatter wins in the bonus game.
All Nitro Reels lock in place in the bonus game and remain in play for the remaining free spins.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. In free spins wilds will substitute for the scatter paying symbol in a scatter win.