Key features
Name in English Dropz
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 729-262144 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6-8 rows (expanding per Level up and Bonus)

Game description
Come play in the chocolate factory.

Dropz is a 6 columns by 6 rows slot with dropping symbols, win ways, chocolates blocking and activating symbols and features, symbol pair matching for increased multipliers and level ups. Rows can expand up to 8 rows.

Level ups add rows to the grid. Trigger the Redropz Bonus game for maximum rows and greater win chances.
Dropz features win ways with 6-8 rows and 6 columns.
Trigger the Redropz Bonus game by collecting 3 Bonus symbols in the game round. Player gets 5 free drops at the maximum row level of 8 rows. All meters and multipliers are persistent over the free drops for even greater win chances.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of 6 Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The Locked Wild feature symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last for 3 wins. It is removed after the last winning.
The Redropz feature symbol adds 1-2 extra drops.
The Level Up symbol triggers the next level with more rows.
3 Bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.

Game rules
Dropz is a 6 columns by 6 rows slot with dropping symbols, win ways, chocolates blocking and activating symbols and features, symbol pair matching for increased multipliers and level ups. Rows can expand up to 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on the consecutive reels. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of all Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The game starts at level 1 with 6 rows where 3 rows are blocked by chocolates. Starting with 729 win ways, increasing for every exploded chocolate and added row up a maximum of 262144 win ways.
A chocolate in a cell position is a blocker. It may contain a symbol which is not yet in play but is activated when the chocolate explodes which is triggered by an adjacent symbol explosion. A win on an adjacent Locked Wild symbol also triggers chocolate explosion.
After a symbol drop, winning combinations are paid. Each symbol of a winning combination is exploded and removed from the grid, except for Locked Wild symbols. Adjacent chocolates are then exploded leaving an empty cell or its kept symbol activated. The remaining symbols drop down and new symbols drop in to fill the symbol grid. If new winning combinations occur, this avalanche repeats.
On the top of the game there is a Pair Matching plate displaying two symbols of the same color with a rewarding multiplier and the Win Multiplier next to it.
When the Pair Matching symbols appear adjacent to each other on the grid, they will be paired and collected towards a Pair Matching Meter. The paired symbols can still be part of a winning combination. Paired symbols will explode and be removed from the grid after the win evaluation. Symbols above or below paired symbols will also explode and be removed, except for Wild symbols. Chocolates will explode making any kept symbols activated.
When the Pair Matching meter is full, the rewarding multiplier will be added to the Win Multiplier. The Win Multiplier will be updated before any win evaluation and will be applied already in the same drop and for all subsequent wins. A new set of pair matching symbols and rewarding multiplier will be generated and displayed.
The ReDropz feature symbol adds 1-2 extra drops to the ongoing base game or bonus game.
The Locked Wild feature symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last for 3 winnings. It is removed after the last win. Locked Wild symbols remain between redropz but are removed on level upgrade.
The game has 3 levels with expanding number of rows.
Game starts at Level 1. The next level is unlocked by activating the Level Up symbol from the chocolate at the current level. For each level the number of rows are:
- Level 1: 6 rows with 3 rows in play and 3 rows blocked by chocolates
- Level 2: 7 rows with 3 rows in play and 4 rows blocked by chocolates
- Level 3: 8 rows with 3 rows in play and 5 rows blocked by chocolates
The level unlocking is pending until there are no more wins, then the Level Up is activated with more rows and a new set of symbols. Any Multipliers, Pair Matching meter and collected Bonus symbols remain at the new level.
The bonus game is awarded with 5 free drops by collecting 3 Bonus symbols in Normal mode.
The bonus game is pending until there are no more wins and no more Redropz waiting, then starts accordingly:
- Row usage: 8 rows with 3 rows in play and 5 rows blocked by chocolates
- Multiplier and Pair Matching meter are kept from the base game.
- Chocolates from the first drop will remain sticky and no new chocolates drop in for the following free drops.
- Chocolates can get new symbols in the following free drops.
- Locked Wild symbols remain between free drops until fully used.
- Bonus game has no level progression.
A game round ends if the maximum win is reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The game has a maximum win of __TBB__ the bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024.12.12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:     	                                                         
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game, starting with a Win Multiplier of 10x. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BUY BONUS:                                                       	
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
LOCKED WILDS:                                                     
Buy a game round with 3 Locked Wilds initially dropping into the grid. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
FEATURE CRESCENDO:                                                        
Buy a game round with more feature or "7" symbols dropping into the grid. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS HUNT:                                               
Buy a game round with more bonus symbols, resulting in more than double the chance of triggering the Bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2022-07-05