Key features
Name in English Avalon Gold
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 4,096 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Avalon Gold is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. This time we find Kane on a quest to search for the Excalibur sword in the lost temples of Avalon. 

The game comes with Expanding Wilds, Mystery Boxes, the Avalon features, and a free drops bonus game. The Expanding Wilds hide in plain sight behind certain payout symbols and any winning combination that goes through these payout symbols will expose and trigger the Expanding Wilds. 5 or more Mystery Boxes in view are enough to activate them, revealing either payout symbols, wild symbols or the Avalon features. The Avalon features reveal either coin wins, multipliers, Swipers, Collect or Redrop. 

The Mystery Boxes are persistent between free drops until activated.
Avalon Gold has 4,096 ways to win. The RTP for all ways is the same and is defined in the game rules.
A combination of 3 bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus and Mystery Box symbols.
The Expanding Wild symbol expands upwards, filling all vacant positions up to the current maximum number of rows when the payout symbol in front of it is part of a winning combination.
The Mystery Box is a blocking symbol that can drop in on any reel in any drop. 5 or more Mystery Box symbols activate the opening of the Mystery Boxes which can reveal payout symbols, wild symbols or trigger the Avalon features.
The +1 Swiper feature swipes in a 1 in front of the most recently awarded coin value.
The Collect feature collects all coin values from the already revealed Mystery Boxes and the Collect symbol gets their total value. All already opened Mystery Boxes are then reactivated, revealing new coin wins or features.
The multiplier multiplies all revealed coin values. Unopened Mystery Boxes are not affected.
The Redrop feature awards a new symbol drop and a guaranteed reactivation of the Mystery Boxes currently in view. The Redrop feature executes when all other Mystery Box features have been played through.
The value on the coin win symbol is multiplied by the placed bet.
Three or more bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger Bonus mode with free drops.

Game rules
Avalon Gold is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Avalon Gold is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free drops.
All symbol drops in Normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
All low, mid, high and Mystery Box symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 1 Super 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus and Mystery Box symbols.
The Expanding Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus and Mystery Box symbols. The Expanding Wild symbol expands upwards, filling all vacant positions up to the current maximum number of rows when the payout symbol in front of it is part of a winning combination. The Expanding Wild symbol is only removed in case it is the only symbol on its reel that contributes to a winning combination.
The Mystery Box symbol is a blocking symbol that can drop in on any reel in any drop.
If there are 5 or more Mystery Boxes on the reels, the Mystery Boxes will activate and either reveal a payout symbol, a wild symbol or trigger the Avalon features. The activation occurs when there are no more winning combinations.
If the Mystery Box reveals a payout or wild symbol that leads to a win, a new chain of Avalanches will start, and all Mystery Boxes will go back to a blocking state. When the Avalanche cycle is over and no additional wins appear, the Mystery Boxes will be activated again.
If the Mystery Boxes reveal the Avalon features, the Mystery Boxes will reveal either a coin win or a feature. There are 4 different features; multiplier, +1 Swiper, Collect and Redrop. The Mystery Boxes are revealed one at a time, top to bottom one reel at a time.
Coin win: 
The value of the coin win symbol is multiplied by the placed bet.
Multiplier:
The multiplier feature multiplies all already revealed coin values. Unopened Mystery Boxes are not affected.
+1 Swiper:
Swipes in a 1 in front of the most recently awarded coin value prior to the +1 Swiper. I.e., if there is a coin win symbol or an already revealed Collect feature that has a value of 5x that was revealed just before the +1 Swiper, it turns into 15x.
Collect:
Collects all coin values from the already revealed Mystery Boxes and the Collect symbol gets their total value. All already opened Mystery Boxes are then reactivated, revealing new coin wins or features.
Redrop:
The Redrop feature awards a new symbol drop and a guaranteed reactivation of the Mystery Boxes currently in view. The Redrop feature executes when all other Mystery Box features have been played through.
Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free drops.
3 bonus symbols: 10 free drops
4 bonus symbols: 15 free drops
5 bonus symbols: 20 free drops
6 bonus symbols: 25 free drops
Mystery Boxes are persistent between free drops until activated. 5 or more Mystery Boxes in view trigger an activation and they are played through as in Normal mode.
The free drops bonus game always starts with the safety level set to 4 rows. Every free drop generating at least one Avalanche advances the safety level one row. A stack of mystery boxes might advance the safety level several rows.
The advancement of the safety level occurs after the payout. The next free drop starts from the new safety level. The safety level can at the most advance 4 rows resulting in a total of 8 rows with a maximum of 262,144 ways to win.
Three or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Avalon Gold is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-12-13

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to a Super Bonus game with persistent Mystery Boxes throughout the bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mystery Boxes:
1 drop with 5 guaranteed Mystery Boxes at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Expanding Wild:
1 drop with a guaranteed Expanding Wild at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Big Symbol:
1 drop with a guaranteed big symbol at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Avalon Gold is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2022-09-14
Mystery Boxes can reveal either payout symbols, wilds or trigger the Avalon features. Mystery Boxes activate when 5 or more are in view.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus and Mystery Box symbols.
The Expanding Wild symbol expands upwards when the payout symbol in front of it is part of a winning combination.
All symbols which are part of a win explode and leave space for additional symbol drops, and an additional row of symbols is added at the top up to a maximum of 8 rows. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Super, Mega and Epic symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may drop down in any symbol drop.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Free drops can be retriggered.
In the bonus game the safety level advances one row for every new free drop initiated that results in a win. Every new free drop starts at the current active safety level.
The value of the coin win symbol is multiplied by the placed bet.
Multiplies all already revealed coin values.
Swipes in a 1 in front of the value on the previously revealed coin value.
Collects all coin values already in view and reactivates all already opened Mystery Boxes.
Awards an additional symbol drop and a guaranteed reactivation of the Mystery Boxes currently in view.