Key features
Name in English Sumo Sumo
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 259 connecting win ways
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 5 rows

Game description
Sumo Sumo is about 2 Sumo streetfighter teams (red, blue) fighting against each other in the main game and free spins. In the bonus game, they break the roadblock and end up in the water, only to be rescued by a Sumo who drives the speedboat to collect them and earn multipliers for a final big win crescendo.

Sumos will stack on top of each other on wins and become walking stacked wilds with respins for big winnings. Sumo stacks of different teams (red, blue) fight each other creating a large sumo stack with multipliers for even bigger wins.

Sumo Sumo is a 5 by 5 reel slot with connecting win ways, paying symbols, Wilds, Bonus symbols, Free Spin symbols and Red and Blue Sumo symbols. Sumo symbols stack on each other creating WILDs with multipliers.

Free Spins are are awarded with 6 spins and played in the main game.
Bonus game is played on a 5x5 grid of 25 mini reels. Player is awarded with 3 lives with 1 live consumed per spin. A speedboat moves to any other symbol in line in the grid. Each such movement will collect a multiplier and reset the remaining lives to 3. When all lives are consumed, the total bonus game win will be according to the collected multipliers.
Sumo Sumo features 259 connecting win ways with 5 reels and 5 rows.
Trigger the Speedboat Bonus game by landing 3 Bonus symbols in the main game. Player gets 3 lives which are consumed one-by-one for every spin and reset to 3 for every boat movement with a collected multiplier.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol.
Red Sumo symbol may stack up to become a Walking Wild with a multiplier triggering respins. Fights with blue Sumo stacks.
Blue Sumo symbol may stack up to become a Walking Wild with a multiplier triggering respins. Fights with red Sumo stacks.
2 Free Spins symbols trigger the free spins.
3 Bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.

Game rules
Sumo Sumo is a 5 columns by 5 rows slot with walking multiplier wilds, respins and 2 distinct bonus games.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on the consecutive reels. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
The game is played in three modes, Normal mode, Free Spins mode, and Speedboat Bonus mode.
All spins in Normal mode and Free Spins mode have 259 ways to win.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of all Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
Normal mode and Free Spins mode contain two sets of regular paying symbols: Sumo symbols and Fruit symbols.
Sumo symbols may appear stacked atop each other, only in this state is the stack a Walking Multiplier Wild symbol. This feature is herein referred to as a Wild Sumo Stack. The amount of sumo symbols stacked within a Wild Sumo Stack determines its multiplier value.
When a winline connects through multiple Wild Sumo Stacks, the Wild Sumo Stack multipliers are applied multiplicatively to provide the final winline multiplier.
Wild Sumo Stacks are created by winning on multiple sumos within a winline. Sumo symbols within that winline stack onto the last sumo symbol of the same type present in the winline to create a Wild Sumo Stack. When sumos are contributing to multiple winlines, sumos may stack onto shorter winlines to provide multiple Wild Sumo Stacks.
Each sumo symbol only contributes to one Wild Sumo Stack creation; as such some winlines may not create a Wild Sumo Stack as the sumo symbols are being used to create another Wild Sumo Stack on an alternative winline.
Wild Sumo Stacks can also be created by any win when multiple horizontally-adjacent sumo symbols of the same type are also on the landed reels.
Creating Wild Sumo Stacks awards a respin. Sumo symbols that vacate their position respawn before spinning out.
Wild Sumo Stacks initially begin to walk rightwards 1 reel during a respin. 1 reel position is traversed during a respin. On reaching the last reel the Wild Sumo Stack starts to walk leftwards 1 reel.
When Wild Sumo Stacks are on the reels, any win awards a respin.
A horizontally-adjacent sumo symbol to a Sumo Wild Stack of the same type adds itself to the Wild Sumo Stack and awards a respin.
During a respin, horizontally-adjacent Wild Sumo Stacks of the same type merge.
During a respin, when opposite type Wild Sumo Stacks are present on the same row, the rightmost Wild Sumo Stack runs at the leftmost Wild Sumo Stack and causes a brawl. The largest Wild Sumo Stack wins the brawl, multiplying its value by the value of the losing Wild Sumo Stack. When equal value Wild Sumo Stacks brawl, the victor is chosen at random. The losing Wild Sumo Stack is removed from the reels.
Wild Sumo Stack interactions may redirect the direction the Wild Sumo Stack travels.
Wild Sumo Stacks spin out on the first reel.
Respins do not stack. A no-win result without a Wild Sumo Stack addition ends the respin game.
Speedboat Bonus and Free Spins game round triggers will be handled before continuing the game should a respin be awarded.
The Speedboat Bonus game is awarded with 3 lives by landing 3 Bonus symbols in Normal mode or Free Spins mode.
The Speedboat Bonus game is a 5 columns by 5 rows slot with mini-reels and a collection mechanic.
The Speedboat symbol is awarded at the start of the bonus game. The Speedboat starts with an initial x-bet value.
During the Speedboat Bonus game, unoccupied positions on the reels spin to reveal a symbol, consuming a life.
When a symbol lands in line of sight, north, south, east or west to the Speedboat symbol, lives are reset to 3. The speedboat travels across the reels to collect the landed symbol.
Collecting a symbol removes the symbol from its position on the reel. Collections can be chained. The highest value route is prioritised.
When the collected symbol is a Swimmer Sumo symbol the speedboat adds the collected symbol x-bet value to its own.
When the collected symbol is a Wakeboarder Sumo symbol the speedboat adds the collected symbol x-bet value to its own. The Wakeboarder counter is activated, the Wakeboarder Sumo symbol attaches to the back of the Speedboat symbol and for every new position the Wakeboarder Sumo symbol travels the Wakeboarder counter increases its x-bet value.
The Wakeboarder counter increases its step value per additional Wakeboarder sumo collected. Additional Wakeboarder Sumo symbols do not attach to the Speedboat symbol.
When the collected symbol is a Ramp symbol the Speedboat x-bet value and Wakeboarder counter is multiplied by the value of the ramp.
When the collected symbol is a Harpoonist symbol or Turbo Harpoonist symbol the speedboat adds the collected symbol x-bet value to its own.
Harpoonist and Turbo Harpoonist symbols increase the values of all uncollected Swimmer Sumos and Wakeboarder Sumos by its own x-bet value on landing and for subsequent Speedboat Bonus game spins while uncollected.
Turbo Harpoonist symbols additionally increase the values of all uncollected Swimmer Sumos and Wakeboarder Sumos by its own x-bet value per collection by the Speedboat Sumo.
The Speedboat bonus game ends when all lives are lost and no collection possibility is presented.
The Speedboat bonus game win amount is the summation of the Speedboat value and the Wakeboarder counter value.
The Free Spins game is awarded with 6 free spins by landing 2 Free Spins symbols in Normal mode.
Wild Sumo Stacks stay in place between Free Spins. They do not spin out on loss, nor do they spin out on reel 1.
Speedboat Bonus game round triggers will be handled before continuing the game should a respin be awarded or free spins remaining.
Retriggering the Free Spins game awards 6 extra free spins.
A game round ends if the maximum win is reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The game has a maximum win of __TBB__ the bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2022-10-12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
FREE SPINS:     	                                                             
Buy a game round triggering the Free Spins game. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
SUPER SPEEDBOAT BONUS:                                                       
Buy a game round triggering the Speedboat Bonus game. All Harpoonists are Turbo Harpoonists. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
SPEEDBOAT BONUS:                                                             
Buy a game round triggering the Speedboat Bonus game. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BRAWL MODE:                                                              
Buy a game round with a guaranteed brawl. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS HUNT:                                                                  
Buy a game round with heightened chance for a Speedboat Bonus or Free Spins game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2022-10-12