Key features
Name in English Freeway 7
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 17 connecting paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 3 reels
Rows 3 rows

Game description
We go back to the eighties USA and the Midwest. Your American muscle car turns your road trip into a pleasure ride as you soar ahead along the freeway. You are free as a bird while mile after mile is swiftly put behind you.

Freeway 7 is a classic 3 by 3 slot, having three reels and three rows. Central game features are the Road Block Nudge and the bonus game. Road Block Nudge trigger Respins with stepping reels. The bonus game trigger Free Spins and has a multiplier.

When reel 1 and 3 hold identical symbol combinations, Road Block Nudge is triggered. The player is awarded Respins where reel 1 and 3 nudges down one position during each Respin. Reel 2 spins like normal. If reel 1 and 3 hold bonus symbols, they will be nudged towards the center where they will be locked, increasing the chance to trigger the bonus game. The Road Block Nudge ends when no Respins remain or when the maximum win has been reached.

Three bonus symbols trigger the Free Spins bonus game with Free Spins and a multiplier feature. The multiplier increases the first time the player wins on a symbol and the progress is tracked in the symbol matrix. Additional Free Spins are awarded for each winning Free Spin. If reel 1 and 3 hold identical symbol combinations, Road Block Nudge is triggered as a part of the bonus game. Three bonus symbols retrigger the bonus game adding more Free Spins and resets the symbol matrix. The Free Spins bonus game ends when no Free Spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached.

Three bonus symbols of which one is a super bonus symbol trigger the Free Spins super bonus game with Free Spins and a multiplier feature. The multiplier begins at a higher value in the super bonus game and will also increase every time the player wins on a symbol. Additional Free Spins are awarded for each winning Free Spin. If reel 1 and 3 hold identical symbol combinations, Road Block Nudge is triggered as a part of the super bonus game. Three bonus symbols retrigger the super bonus game adding five more Free Spins. The Free Spins super bonus game ends when no Free Spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached.
Freeway 7 has 17 connecting paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free spins and a multiplier feature. The multiplier increases the first time the player wins on a symbol and the progress is tracked in the symbol matrix. Additional Free Spins are awarded for each winning Free Spin. If reel 1 and 3 hold identical symbol combinations, Road Block Nudge is triggered as a part of the bonus game.

Three bonus symbols of which one is a super bonus symbol trigger the super bonus game with Free Spins and a multiplier feature. The multiplier will increase every time the player wins, and additional Free Spins will be added for each winning Free Spin. If reel 1 and 3 hold identical symbol combinations, Road Block Nudge is triggered as a part of the super bonus game.

If the reels hold three bonus symbols in an ongoing bonus or super bonus game, additional Free Spins will be awarded, and all symbols in the symbol matrix will be reactivated.

The Free Spins bonus game and the Free Spins super bonus game end when no Free Spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached.

If the triggers for the bonus game or the super bonus game and, for the Road Block Nudge feature coincide in the same result then the bonus game will be played first, and the Road Block Nudge will be played once the bonus game or the super bonus game has ended.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus and the super bonus symbol.
Three bonus symbols trigger the Free Spins bonus game with Free Spins and a multiplier feature. The multiplier increases the first time the player wins on a symbol and the progress is tracked in the symbol matrix. Additional Free Spins are awarded for each winning Free Spin. If reel 1 and 3 hold identical symbol combinations, Road Block Nudge is triggered as a part of the bonus game. Three bonus symbols retrigger the bonus game adding more Free Spins and resets the symbol matrix. The Free Spins bonus game ends when no Free Spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached.
The super bonus symbol only appears on the middle reel. Three bonus symbols of which one is a super bonus symbol trigger the Free Spins super bonus game with Free Spins and a multiplier feature. The multiplier will be increased every time the player wins as tracked in the symbol matrix. Additional Free Spins are awarded for each winning Free Spin. If reel 1 and 3 hold identical symbol combinations, Road Block Nudge is triggered as a part of the super bonus game. Three bonus symbols retrigger the super bonus game adding more Free Spins. The Free Spins bonus game ends when no Free Spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached.

Game rules
Freeway 7 is a slot with 3 reels, 3 rows, and 17 connecting paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Freeway 7 is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with Free Spins.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol and the super bonus symbol.
Identical symbol combinations on reels 1 and 3 trigger the Road Block Nudge feature. Respins are awarded where reels 1 and 3 step down one position for each Respin, while reel 2 spins as usual. If reels 1 and 3 hold bonus symbols, they will be nudged towards the middle row where they lock. The feature is activated after the payout.
A combination of three bonus symbols during Road Block Nudge immediately triggers Bonus mode with Free Spins. The remaining Respins are played when the bonus game has ended.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with Free Spins and a multiplier feature.
Two bonus symbols together with the super bonus symbol trigger the super bonus game with Free Spins and a multiplier feature.
The super bonus symbol only appears on the middle reel.
The bonus game starts with all symbols active in a symbol matrix. A winning Free Spin awards additional Free Spins and if the winning symbol is still active, the multiplier increases and then the symbol is deactivated. Three bonus symbols retrigger the bonus game, adding more Free Spins and reactivating all symbols.
In the super bonus game, the multiplier starts at a higher value, and symbols will never be deactivated. The multiplier increase related to a win is also higher.
Road Block Nudge can be triggered in Bonus mode. If so, the Road Block Nudge will start immediately. No Free Spins will be consumed during the Road Block Nudge, but winning spins during the Road Block Nudge awards additional Free Spins, and wins on active symbols will increase the multiplier according to the symbol matrix.
If the triggers for the bonus or super bonus game, and for the Road Block Nudge feature coincide in the same result, the bonus game will be played first. The Road Block Nudge will be played once the bonus game or the super bonus game has ended.
Three bonus symbols retrigger the bonus game or the super bonus game, adding more Free Spins and reset the symbol matrix.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game and the super bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical pay out (RTP) in Freeway 7 is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.05.12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Road Block Nudge:
One spin with guaranteed entry to the Road Block Nudge feature at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Chili Spins:
One spin with only sevens, cherries, Wild, bonus and super bonus symbols at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
More than double the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Freeway 7 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2022-09-30
Stops with identical symbol combinations on reels 1 and 3 trigger Road Block Nudge with Respins. Reel 1 and 3 are stepped down one position for each Respin.
If reel 1 and 3 hold bonus symbols during Respins, they will be nudged towards the center where they will be locked.
Three bonus symbols trigger the Free Spins bonus game with a multiplier feature. All winning Free Spins award additional Free Spins. The first win on a symbol will also increase the multiplier. Free Spins can be retriggered.
A combination of bonus symbols and a super bonus symbol triggers the super bonus game. The same rules apply as for the regular bonus game, but each win increases the multiplier.