Tropicool 2
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function           Value
Name in English    Tropicool 2
ELK Game id        10189
Product category   Casino
Game type          Slot
Client             HTML5
Theoretical RTP    94.0%
Lines              45,656 ways to win
Jackpot            No
Reels              6 columns
Rows               6 rows
Hit frequency      24.9%
Min bet            € 0.20
Max bet            € 100.00
Max exposure       25 000x max bet
Max win single
                   25 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win        € 2,500,000.00
Game description

Tropicool is back with an enhanced set of features, still with the same
characteristic theme and superior Cool Reel mechanics.

Tropicool 2 is a 6 columns by 6 rows slot with dropping symbols, big
symbols, all win ways, a turbo-charged feature Cool Reel and Elmo the sloth
for scaring the birds and rewarding respins. The feature Cool Reel is now
with up to 3 rows to provide even more features and big symbols. The
Locked Wild features remain with enhanced Row Swap mechanics and
Mystery symbols. The Elmo sloth scares birds into Wild symbols and awards
redrops.

The bonus game is triggered by 3 or more Bonus symbols to run 6 or more
free drops with persistent multipliers.
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when
playing in portrait mode.




Paylines
Tropicool 2 features all win ways with 6 rows and 6 columns.
Special symbols
Symbol image Function
             The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol
             except the bird symbols. A winning combination of only
             Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.

             The toucan bird pays scattered with bird multipliers


             The flamingo bird pays scattered with bird multipliers


             The Elmo sloth feature symbol scares birds into Wild
             symbols and awards redrops.

             The Wild symbol substitues for any paying symbol
             except the bird symbols.

             The Locked Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to
             last for 3 wins. It is removed after the last winning.

             The Row Swap symbol replaces symbols on a row to
             the same symbol.

             The Mystery symbol reveals the symbol at the end of a
             drop often restarting the avalanche.


             3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.


             The Extra Drops symbol adds more free drops in the
             bonus game.


             The Win Multiplier symbol increases the win multiplier.
Game features




Bonus game
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Player gets 6
or more free drops. Locked Wild features and Win Multipliers are persistent
over the free drops for even greater win chances.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Tropicool 2 is a 6 columns and 6 rows slot with dropping symbols, a 3
  row feature Cool Reel and 46,656 ways to win.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on
  consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the
  longest payline per active payline is paid out.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  Spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  Paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  The game is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with
  free drops.
  The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol except birds. A
  winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying
  symbol.
  The Cool Reel on the top of the main grid comprises 3 rows with feature
  symbols, empty ice cubes and empty cells. Feature symbols become
active when they drop down into the main grid. Ice cubes are spacers.
A game round starts in Normal mode with new symbols dropping into the
main grid and new feature symbols sliding in from the right in the Cool
reel.
Each winning combination in the main grid is paid and the symbols,
except unspent Locked Wild symbols, are removed from the grid while
the remaining symbols drop down. The feature symbols in the Cool Reel
above empty cells drop down into the main grid followed by new
symbols refilling the main grid. The Cool Reel is refilled from the right,
pushing all symbols to the left. Any new winning combinations are paid
and this avalanche repeats until no more wins. Any Mystery symbols,
Row Swap symbols and Bonus triggers will then be activated in that
order.
Any paying and feature symbol except the Elmo, birds and Bonus
symbols can appear as big symbols in size of 2x2 and 3x3 cells.
Big symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 symbols they cover. I.e. a
2x2 big symbol is 4 regular symbols and a 3x3 big symbol is 9 regular
symbols.
A big feature symbol dropping down from the Cool Reel into the main
grid will crush and remove underlying paying symbols and fall down to
the bottom. Feature and big symbols cannot be crushed and will
therefore stop a big symbol from falling down further.
If an entire big symbol cannot completely drop down from the Cool Reel
into the main grid, it will split into regular 1x1 symbols allowing some of
them to drop down.
A big symbol in the main grid with at least 1 empty cell below it, will crush
and remove underlying symbols and fall down to the bottom. Feature and
big symbols cannot be crushed and will therefore stop the big symbol
from further falling down.
If a big symbol drop ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill
the empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big
symbol.
The Bird symbols appear in heights of 1-6 vertical symbols.
3 or more birds of the same colour anywhere on the grid is a win and
pays scattered. The payout is the bird's value multiplied by the product of
the birds' respective heights. For example, for a bird value of 0.3 and 3
birds of height 1, 5 and 3, the payout is 0.3*1*5*3=4.5 in relation to your
bet.
The Elmo feature symbol is a 1x2 sloth character triggering redrops and
scaring birds into Wild symbols.
The Elmo drops down from the Cool Reel as inactive in size 1x1 or if
space allows as active in size 1x2. If inactive, Elmo will become active
whenever space allows growing in the following drops.
An active Elmo symbol scares birds, replaces them with Wild or Locked
Wild symbols and triggers the Elmo redrops. Bonus and Locked Wild
symbols remain during the redrops.
Elmo walks 1 column to the right for every redrop lasting until Elmo has
left the rightmost column. Elmo is still active during the last redrop.
The Locked Wild feature symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last for 3
winnings. It is removed after the last win.
Locked Wild symbols remain in the main grid between free drops in the
bonus game.
The Mystery symbols are revealed when there are no more winnings in a
symbol drop. All Mystery symbols will reveal the same paying symbol,
except bird symbols. A new winning combination can occur resuming the
avalanche.
The Row Swap feature symbol replaces all symbols on a row to one and
the same symbol. One of the paying symbols on the row is selected to
replace all other symbols on the same row. The feature is activated at the
end of the avalanche after any winnings and Mystery symbols are
revealed.
Different Row Swap feature symbols on separate rows may replace to
different symbols.
Any additional Row Swap feature symbols on the same row will extend
the symbol replacement to its column.
Any symbol position that would be replaced to different symbols due to
two Row Swap actions, will be replaced to a Wild symbol.
A big paying symbol in a Row Swap will be completely replaced. If it is
part of 2 or more Row Swaps that would replace with different symbols, it
will instead be replaced with a Wild symbol.
A big Row Swap feature symbol will replace all symbols on the covered
rows to the same symbol.
A bird symbol in a Row Swap will be replaced on the intersecting row
and new smaller birds will be created in the remaining bird symbol
positions.
Elmo and Bonus symbols in a Row Swap will be temporarily replaced for
a possible winning combination, and then revert back.
Wild symbols will not be replaced in a Row Swap.
3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the main grid at the
end of a symbol drop in normal mode triggers the free drops bonus
game starting with a win multiplier of x1.
• 3 Bonus symbols: 6 free drops
• 4 Bonus symbols: 9 free drops
• 5 Bonus symbols: 12 free drops
• 6 Bonus symbols: 15 free drops
In the bonus game, the Cool Reel also contains the following additional
feature symbols, which are triggered when dropping down from the Cool
reel:
• Extra Drops: Adds 1, 2 or 3 extra free drops.
• Win Multiplier: Adds x1, x2 or x3 to the win multiplier.
They cannot appear as big symbols.
  The bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the grid and new
  feature symbols in the Cool Reel. The Cool Reel is re-populated with new
  feature symbols for every free drop. Locked Wild symbols in the main
  grid remain between free drops until fully used.
  A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
  the wins collected so far will be paid out.
  Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
  No bets can be changed during a game round.
  The theoretical payout (RTP) is 94.0%.
  The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 25 000x the placed
  bet.
  In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.


X-iter
X-iter button clarification
Button         Name
                BIG BLOCKS

                ELMO

                BUY BONUS

                SUPER
                BONUS
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.

SUPER BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game, with the win multiplier starting
at x10. Cost is 500x the bet.

BUY BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is 100x the bet.

ELMO:
Buy a game round with guaranteed Elmo Redrops. Cost is 50x the bet.

BIG BLOCKS:
Buy a game round with a guaranteed big symbol dropping into the main grid
and in the Cool Reel. Cost is 10x the bet.

An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter
mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin
button.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are 94.0%.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 2.00, the maximum X-iter cost is € 50,000.00.

All game rules apply in X-iter mode.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
