Pirots
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function         Value
Name in
                 Pirots
English
ELK Game id      10184
Product
                 Casino
category
Game type        Slot
Client           HTML5
Theoretical
                 94.0%
RTP
                 The number of possible paylines vary based on the
Lines
                 position of the birds.
Jackpot          No
Reels            5 columns
Rows             5 rows
Hit frequency    26.8%
Min bet          € 0.20
Max bet          € 100.00
Max exposure     10 000x max bet
Max win single
                 10 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win      € 1,000,000.00
Game description
"There is treasure ahoy, me hearties! Every bird on deck!" captain Redfeather
roars through the smoke from the explosion that sunk the pirate ship. "Under
a black flag we sail! Keep your blades wet and your powder dry!" Yells
Charlie, smiling gleefully. Hank, Aaron and Skipper are at the ready. For
being parrots, the four of them are fierce, determined, and eager to collect
any fortune they can get their feathers on!

Pirots is a 5 row by 5 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 8 columns.
Central game features are the four birds that move and collect symbols
generating symbol wins, the symbol collection that awards feature symbols,
and the free drops bonus game.
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing.
Paylines
Wins are generated by birds collecting orthogonally adjacent gems of the
same color, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all bird
wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Special symbols
Symbol image Function
             There are four types of gems, one type for each color
             of the birds. The gems can be upgraded to higher win
             levels by the birds collecting upgrade symbols.
             The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the
             birds collect three bonus symbols during a game
             round.

             The Wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their
             current respective win level.

             A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of
             gems around it into the same color as the bird that
             collected it, or into a random number of feature
             symbols.
             The white upgrade symbol upgrades gems of the same
             color as the bird that collected it. The win level of the
             gem increases by 1 to 3 steps, up to a maximum of 5.
             A multicolored upgrade symbol collected by a bird
             upgrades all gem types at the same time. The win level
             of the gems increase by 1 to 3 steps, up to a maximum
             of 5.
             A collected bomb symbol explodes at the end of the
             game round. It removes all symbols, except feature
             symbols, in close proximity of it, resulting in a redrop to
             fill empty symbol places. The explosion also expands
             the game grid, up to a maximum 8 rows by 8 columns.

             A collected coin symbol pays its value times the
             current active bet level.
Game features
Bonus game
Three bonus symbols collected by the birds during a game round trigger the
free drop bonus game. The grid size, the symbol collection and the win level
of the gems are persistent during the bonus game.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Pirots is a 5 row by 5 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can
  expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, and the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  Wins are generated by a bird moving and collecting orthogonally
  adjacent paying symbols.
  Paying symbols consist of gems of the same color as the moving bird,
  coins and wild symbols.
  A bird can only collect orthogonally adjacent symbols.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  Spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  Paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  Pirots is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free
  drops.
  All game rounds in normal mode start with a grid size of 5 rows and 5
  columns.
The maximum grid size is 8 rows and 8 columns.
Birds move and collect all feature symbols and gems of the same color
as the birds themselves. Only orthogonally adjacent symbols can be
collected.
All symbols collected except bonus symbols count. A feature award is
triggered when enough symbols have been collected by the birds during
an active game round. When triggered, 3 gems will turn into feature
symbols when no additional symbols can be collected. Several feature
awards can be accumulated and triggered at the same time.
Adjacent birds might randomly switch places when there are no more
wins, and there is a chance to create a win.
All drops in normal mode start with gems on win level 1. The gems can
upgrade and reach a maximum win level of 5.
There are six different feature symbols; wild symbols, transform symbols,
upgrade symbols, coins, bombs and bonus symbols.
The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective win
level.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of gems around it into
the same color as the bird that collected it, or into a random number of
feature symbols.
The white upgrade symbol upgrades gems of the same color as the bird
that collected it. The win level of the gems increases by 1 to 3 steps, up to
a maximum of 5. Another randomly selected gem will be upgraded
instead in case the gem off the bird's color has already reached the
maximum win level. No upgrade occurs if all gems are at the maximum
win level.
A collected multicolored upgrade symbol upgrades all gem types at the
same time. The win level of the gems increases by 1 to 3 steps, up to a
maximum of 5. No upgrade occurs if all gems are at the maximum win
level.
A coin symbol collected by a bird pays its value times the current active
bet level.
A bomb symbol collected by a bird explodes when there are no more
wins in view. It removes all symbols, except feature symbols, in close
proximity of it, resulting in a redrop to fill empty symbol places. All birds
are temporarily removed from the grid during the explosion, but they
reappear at the birds' nests in conjunction with the symbol refill. The
birds will get new positions. The explosion also expands the game grid,
up to a maximum 8 rows by 8 columns.
Bonus mode with free drops is triggered if the birds collect three bonus
symbols during normal mode. 5 free drops are awarded.
The free drops bonus game starts on the current active number of rows
and columns.
The grid size, the symbol collection and the win level of the gems are
persistent during free drops.
Three bonus symbols collected by the birds during bonus mode award
additional free drops.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Pirots is 94.0%.
The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
X-iter
X-iter button clarification
Button         Name

                BONUS HUNT!


                FEATURE BONANZA!


                MAXIMUM GRID
                SIZE!


                BONUS!


                SUPER BONUS!
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.

SUPER BONUS:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game. All free drops
are played with the maximum grid size, and all upgrade symbols upgrade all
gems at the cost of 500x the selected bet.

BONUS:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of 100x
the selected bet.

MAXIMUM GRID SIZE:
One drop that is played with the maximum grid size at the cost of 25x the
selected bet.

FEATURE BONANZA:
One drop with a guaranteed full symbol collection triggering a feature award
at the cost of 10x the selected bet.

BONUS HUNT:
One drop with quadruple the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of
3x the selected bet.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.60, and the maximum cost is € 50,000.00.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Pirots is 94.0%.

All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
