Key features
Name in English Buffalo Toro
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 4,096 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Buffalo Toro is a 6 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 4,096 ways to win. It comes packed with the Toro Goes Wild and Matador Respin features and a Free Spins bonus game, all delivered with the classic Buffalo slot game feeling. 

The Toro is a Walking Wild that generates respins as he moves. 2 or more Matador symbols trigger a respin where the Matadors are kept sticky. Landing a Toro when Matadors are in view or Matadors when a Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. During the feature, Toro knocks off and defeats all Matadors, leaving a trail of wild symbols behind. 

Collect gold buffalo symbols in the Free Spins bonus game to turn the high-value symbols into buffalo symbols, increasing the number of buffalo on the reels.
Buffalo Toro has 4,096 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A combination of 3 bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free spins. Gold buffalo symbols are collected to turn high-value symbols into buffalo symbols, increasing the number of valuable buffalo symbols on the reels.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, multiplier wild, Toro and Matador symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
The multiplier wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, Toro and Matador symbols. A randomly determined multiplier value of either 2 or 3 appears on the multiplier wild symbol when it contributes to a win.
The Matador is a blocker symbol. Two or more Matador symbols award a respin during which the Matador symbols lock into position and stay sticky.
Toro is a Walking Wild symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. Landing a Toro when Matadors are in view or landing one or more Matadors when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature.
Three or more bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the Bonus mode with free spins.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free spins. The super bonus game will be triggered in case at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol.
Gold buffalo symbols are collected during the bonus game and for every 3 golden buffalo symbols collected, a high-value symbol type is upgraded and replaced by buffalo symbols, starting with the least valuable high-value symbol. A maximum of 12 golden buffalo symbols can be collected.

Game rules
Buffalo Toro is a 6 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 4,096 ways to win.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Buffalo Toro is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, Toro and Matador symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
The multiplier wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, Toro and Matador symbols. A randomly determined multiplier value of either 2 or 3 appears on the multiplier wild symbol when it contributes to a win, and the multiplier is applied to the current result.
The multiplier value on multiplier wild symbols only affect winning combinations that have a payline passing through them. The multipliers are additive in case several multipliers contribute to the same payline.
The Matador is a blocker symbol. Two or more Matador symbols award a Matador Respin, during which the Matador symbols lock into position and stay sticky.
Additional Matador symbols appearing during a Matador Respin award an additional respin. The Matador Respin ends and the Toro Goes Wild feature is triggered if a Toro appears.
Toro is a Walking Wild symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step.
Landing a Toro when Matadors are in view or landing one or more Matadors when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature.
During the Toro Goes Wild feature, Toro moves vertically and then horizontally to knock all Matadors off, leaving wild symbols behind. Toro continues to attack until all Matadors are defeated.
Toro starts by attacking Matadors on the same reel, then attacks all Matadors on his right side and finally attacks all Matadors on his left side.
Only one Toro attacks Matadors. The Toro on the far left will be activated in case there is more than one Toro on the reels, and the Toro that first entered the game view will be the active one in case they are located on the same reel.
Bonus symbols appear on all reels but the super bonus symbol only appears on reel 6.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode trigger the Bonus mode with free spins. The super bonus game will be triggered in case at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol.
3 bonus symbols: 8 free spins
4 bonus symbols: 12 free spins
5 bonus symbols: 16 free spins
6 bonus symbols: 20 free spins
2 or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free spins. 2 bonus symbols retrigger 4 additional free spins but for 3 or more bonus symbols, the number of additional free spins is determined in the same way as when the bonus game was initially triggered.
Gold buffalo symbols are collected during the bonus game and for every 3 gold buffalo symbols collected, a high-value symbol type is upgraded to buffalo symbols, starting with the least valuable high-value symbol type. A maximum of 12 gold buffalo symbols can be collected.
If the Toro or Matador respin features coincide with triggering the bonus game in the same result, the Toro or Matador Respin feature will be played first.
Gold buffalo symbols are collected during the super bonus game and for every 3 gold buffalo symbols collected, a high-value symbol type is upgraded to buffalo symbols and Rampage Reels are triggered. A maximum of 12 gold buffalo symbols can be collected.
The Rampage Reels only contain buffalo symbols and can appear in the super bonus game. The Rampage Reels feature is triggered following the collection of 3 gold buffalo symbols. The maximum number of Rampage Reels that can appear in each free spin increase for every 3 gold buffalo symbols collected. Between 1 and the maximum number of Rampage Reels are randomly activated at the start of each free spin or respin when the Rampage Reels feature is active.
The maximum number of Rampage Reels increase as follows:
3 collected gold buffalo symbols: maximum 2 Rampage Reels.
6 collected gold buffalo symbols: maximum 3 Rampage Reels.
9 collected gold buffalo symbols: maximum 4 Rampage Reels.
12 collected gold buffalo symbols: maximum 5 Rampage Reels.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Buffalo Toro is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-12-13

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super Bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Rampage Reels:
3 spins with guaranteed Rampage Reels in every spin at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Toro Goes Wild:
1 spin with a guaranteed Toro Goes Wild feature at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Matador Respin:
1 spin with a guaranteed Matador Respin at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Buffalo Toro is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2022-09-14
The Toro is a Walking Wild that generates respins as he moves leftwards.
The multiplier wild symbol gets a randomly determined multiplier of 2 or 3 when it contributes to a win.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, Matador, Toro and multiplier wild symbols.
2 or more Matadors trigger the Matador Respin feature.
During the Toro Goes Wild feature Toro leaves wild symbols behind as he knocks off and defeats Matadors.
3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the bonus game with free spins.
Collect gold buffalo symbols to upgrade high-value symbol types to buffalo symbols, increasing the number of buffalo symbols on the reels.
1 Super bonus symbol and 2 or more normal bonus symbols trigger the super bonus game.
Collect the gold buffalo symbols to upgrade high-value symbol types and activate the Rampage Reels feature.