Key features
Name in English Book of Sam
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 10 pay lines
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 3 rows

Game description
Our favourite electrician Sam welcomes you to fabulous Sam Vegas! Have a wonderful stay in this amazing city together with the returning characters Sam, Sandra and Maggie. Here you will find yourself in an ancient Egyptian setting, in combination with modern Sam Vegas where anything can happen.

Book of Sam is a 5 reel, 3 rows slot with spinning reels and 10 pay lines. Central game features are the three characters with their unique Electric Treats and the bonus game with Free Spins.

A win on Maggie will trigger the Maggie Electric Treat. It consists of a redrop where all low value symbols, together with the cat and Maggie symbols are removed, and new symbols drop in.

A win on Sandra will trigger the Sandra Electric Treat. Sandra will increase the multiplier and trigger Respins.

A win on Sam will trigger the Sam Electric Treat. Sam will add a book symbol and trigger Respins. If the Sam Electric Treat is triggered during a bonus game, the added book symbol will also be an expanding Wild symbol.

Book symbols are sticky during Respins.
Book of Sam has 10 paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more book symbols trigger the bonus game with Free Spins and expanding symbols.

If the bonus game is triggered with three, four or five books, one, two or three random symbols are turned into expanding symbols respectively.

At least two instances of a high value expanding symbol, or at least three instances of a low value expanding symbol, on individual reels are required to trigger the scatter pay feature.

If the Sam Electric Treat is triggered during a bonus game, Sam will add a book symbol that also is an expanding Wild symbol.

Three, four or five books during a Free Spin will retrigger the bonus game, awarding more Free Spins and one, two or three expanding symbols respectively, up to a maximum of five expanding symbols.

Electric Treats can be triggered during a Free Spin.

The Electric Treat will only be active during Respins.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild book symbol substitutes for any symbol. Three or more book symbols trigger the bonus game with Free Spins.
Two or more Maggie symbols will trigger the Maggie Electric Treat. It consists of a redrop where all low value symbols, together with the cat and Maggie symbols are removed, and new symbols drop in.
Two or more Sandra symbols will trigger the Sandra Electric Treat, increasing the multiplier and awarding Respins. If the Sandra Electric Treat is triggered during a bonus game, the multiplier will be sticky, but only active during Respins triggered by Sandra.
Two or more Sam symbols trigger the Sam Electric Treat, spawning an electric book and award Respins. If the Sam Electric Treat is triggered during a bonus game, the added book symbol will also be an expanding Wild symbol.
In the bonus game you get one or more expanding scatter symbols that can trigger the scatter pay feature.

Game rules
Book of Sam is a 5 reel, 3 rows slot with spinning reels and 10 paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Book of Sam is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with Free Spins.
The Wild book symbol substitute for any symbol.
A payline of only Wild symbols pay as the highest value symbol.
Two or more Maggie symbols will trigger the Maggie Electric Treat. It consists of a redrop where all low value symbols, together with the cat and Maggie symbols are removed, and new symbols drop in.
Maggie will not remove expanding symbols.
Two or more Sandra symbols will trigger the Sandra Electric Treat, increasing the multiplier and awarding Respins.
Two or more Sam symbols trigger the Sam Electric Treat, spawning a book symbol and awarding Respins.
If the Sam Electric Treat is triggered during a bonus game, the added book symbol will also be an expanding Wild symbol.
Book symbols are sticky during Respins.
Three or more book symbols during Normal mode trigger the Bonus mode with Free Spins and expanding symbols.
Three, four or five book symbols that trigger the bonus game will also add one, two or three expanding symbols respectively.
Three or more book symbols during a Free Spin will retrigger the bonus game, awarding more Free Spins and one or more expanding symbols up to a maximum of five expanding symbols.
At least two instances of a high value expanding symbol, or at least three instances of a low value expanding symbol, on individual reels are required to trigger the scatter pay feature. After potential payline wins the expanding symbols expand to cover the whole reels and pay out a scatter win.
Electric Treats can be triggered during the bonus game.
Sandra's multiplier value is persistent throughout an entire bonus game, but it will only be active during an Electric Treat. After the Electric Treat, the multiplier will be deactivated. It will be reactivated by a new Electric Treat.
If the Sam Electric Treat is triggered during a bonus game, the book symbol will also be an expanding Wild symbol during the Respins.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Book of Sam is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.05.08

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
One Spin with guaranteed entry to the super bonus game where all symbols are expanding symbols at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Game:
One Spin with guaranteed entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Expanding Symbols:
One Spin where all symbols are expanding symbols at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Electric Treat:
One Spin with a guaranteed Electric Treat at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
More than double the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Book of Sam is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2022-10-25
A win on two or more Sam symbols trigger the Sam Electric Treat. Respins and a book symbol on a random position is awarded.
A win on two or more Sandra symbols trigger the Sandra Electric Treat. Respins and an increased multiplier is awarded.
A win on Maggie trigger the Maggie Electric Treat. All low value symbols, together with the cat and Maggie symbols are removed, and new symbols are dropped in their place.
Three or more book symbols trigger the bonus game with eight Free Spins. One or more expanding symbols are selected at the beginning of the bonus game. Free Spins can be retriggered and will award one or more expanding symbols, up to a maximum of five, and four Free Spins
Three, four or five book symbols award one, two or three expanding symbols respectively that can trigger the scatter pay feature.