Key features
Name in English Cygnus 3
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Standard 4,096 expanding up to 262,144 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Under the starry night sky, the giant amphitheater towers several stories above the ground, housing more than 50,000 cheering spectators. Welcome to the height of the Roman empire where the Colosseum is the heart of entertainment. Tonight, the games may award you with incredible riches. If you are really lucky you can get your hands on one of the jackpots, right from the emperor's treasure chest.
Cygnus 3 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
Cygnus 3 is played in three modes; normal mode, Cygnus Wheel mode, and bonus mode with free drops.
The main features in Cygnus 3 are the Cygnus Wheel and the multiplier wild symbols.
When a Cygnus Wheel symbol reaches the leftmost column, one spin on the Cygnus Wheel is awarded. The Cygnus Wheel mode will begin when the ongoing game round has finished.
Every spin on the Cygnus Wheel will award a prize. There are three different prize categories: jackpot wins, free drops, and instant wins that are multiples of the selected bet level.

Multiplier wild symbols are initially both wild and multipliers. The wild feature will be deactivated once the multiplier wild symbol has been used as a wild symbol in a win and thereafter the symbol will remain as a plain multiplier symbol. The multiplier values of the multiplier and multiplier wild symbols currently in view are added together and then applied to each win.
Cygnus 3 has up to 262,144 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A Cygnus Wheel symbol that reaches the leftmost column awards one spin on the Cygnus Wheel. Every spin on the Cygnus Wheel awards a prize. There are three different prize categories: jackpot wins, entry to the bonus game with free drops, and instant wins that are multiples of the selected bet level.
Jackpot wins and instant wins will be awarded immediately, ending the current ongoing game round.
Free drop wins will trigger the bonus mode with free drops. The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain.
If a Cygnus Wheel symbol reaches the leftmost column during a free drop, it will award another spin on the Cygnus Wheel that will be played when no more free drops remain.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
A Cygnus Wheel symbol that reaches the leftmost column awards one spin on the Cygnus Wheel. Every spin on the Cygnus Wheel awards a prize. There are three different prize categories: jackpot wins, entry to the bonus game with free drops, and instant wins that are multiples of the selected bet level. One additional spin on the Cygnus Wheel is awarded every time a Cygnus Wheel symbol reaches the leftmost column. The next spin on the Cygnus Wheel will be played when there are no more remaining free drops.
The wild symbol and the multiplier wild symbol substitute for any symbol except the Cygnus Wheel symbol, the multiplier symbols and the multiplier wild symbols.
A multiplier wild symbol is initially both a wild and a multiplier symbol. The wild feature will be deactivated once the multiplier wild symbol has been used as a wild symbol in a win and thereafter the symbol will remain as a plain multiplier symbol.
A multiplier symbol applies its multiplier value to every win. If more than one multiplier symbol is present in view, the multiplier values will be added together before they are applied to the win. The first time a multiplier symbol reaches the bottom row, it will reactivate its wild feature. Both multiplier and multiplier wild symbols will be kept between drops during the free drops bonus game.

Game rules
Cygnus 3 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Cygnus 3 is played in three modes; normal mode, Cygnus Wheel mode and bonus mode with free drops.
All symbol drops start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
The Avalanche feature collects all wins in the current symbol drop. All symbols which were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically, slide to the left and then right repeatedly until they reach a resting position. New winning combinations follow the same pattern until there are no more winning combinations. Then, new symbols are dropped in. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
The wild symbol and the multiplier wild symbol substitute for any symbol except the Cygnus Wheel symbol, the multiplier symbol and the multiplier wild symbol.
A multiplier wild symbol is initially both a wild and a multiplier symbol. The wild feature will be deactivated once the multiplier wild symbol has been used as a wild symbol in a win and thereafter the symbol will remain as a plain multiplier symbol.
A multiplier symbol is a persistent symbol that applies its multiplier value to each win. If more than one multiplier symbol is present in view, the multiplier values from all multiplier symbols will be added together before being applied to the win.
The first time a multiplier symbol reaches the bottom row, it will reactivate its wild feature.
A Cygnus Wheel symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers the Cygnus Wheel mode with one spin on the Cygnus Wheel. The spin on the Cygnus Wheel will be played when the ongoing Avalanche feature has ended.
Every spin on the Cygnus Wheel will award a prize. The prize will be one of the three prize categories: jackpots, free drops or an instant win.
The size of the sectors on the Cygnus Wheel is not an indicative representation of the probability of stopping the wheel in each sector.
There are three fixed jackpots; Cygnus, Star and Sky. The chance of winning the jackpots increases with a higher bet level. A jackpot win is awarded immediately, ending the current ongoing game round.
Instant wins are multiples of the current selected bet level and are awarded immediately, ending the current ongoing game round.
Each new free drop starts with 4 rows.
Multiplier and multiplier wild symbols remain on the bottom row between drops during the bonus game, making the multiplier level persistent. Multiplier symbols that reach the bottom row for the first time will get their wild feature reactivated.
A Cygnus Wheel symbol that reaches the leftmost column in bonus mode triggers the Cygnus Wheel mode with one spin on the Cygnus Wheel. The spin on the Cygnus Wheel will be played when the ongoing bonus game has ended.
Jackpot wins and instant wins will be awarded immediately, ending the current ongoing game round.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical pay out (RTP) in Cygnus 3 is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet, or at the value of the Cygnus jackpot.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.06.05

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Cygnus Wheel:
One drop with one guaranteed spin on the Cygnus wheel. If the wheel stops on free drops, the Super Bonus game is triggered where multiplier symbols increase in value after every win at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Cygnus Wheel:
One drop with one guaranteed spin on the Cygnus wheel at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Rising Multiplier Wild Symbols:
1 drop where multiplier symbols increase in value after every win, at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Multiplier Wild:
1 drop with a guaranteed multiplier wild symbol that has a multiplier value of at least x5 at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
1 drop with more than double the chance to trigger the Cygnus wheel at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Cygnus 3 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-06-14
The Cygnus jackpot is the most valuable of the three fixed jackpots. A higher bet level increases the chance of winning the jackpots.
The Cygnus jackpot has a fixed value of €100.000.
The Cygnus Wheel, the core feature of Cygnus 3, will be triggered when the Cygnus Wheel symbol reaches the left column.
A spin on the Cygnus Wheel will always award a prize.
The prize is either one of the three fixed jackpots, free drops or an instant win that multiplies your bet level.
The three jackpots are the most prominent prizes that a spin on the Cygnus Wheel can award. They are named Cygnus, Star and Sky. The size of the jackpots is fixed. The higher the bet level, the greater your chance of winning one of the jackpots.
All symbols which are part of a win explode and leave space for additional symbol drops, and an additional row of symbols is added at the top up to a maximum of 8 rows. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The multiplier values of the multiplier symbols and multiplier wild symbols in view are added together and then applied to each win.
The wild symbol and the multiplier wild symbol substitute for any symbol except the Cygnus Wheel symbol, the multiplier symbol and the multiplier wild symbol.
A Cygnus Wheel symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers the Cygnus Wheel mode with one spin on the Cygnus Wheel. The spin on the Cygnus Wheel will be played when the ongoing Avalanche feature has ended.
Free drop wins will trigger the bonus mode with free drops. The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain.
Multiplier and multiplier wild symbols remain on the bottom row between drops during the bonus game, making the multiplier level persistent.