Key features
Name in English Katmandu X
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster wins (5 connecting symbol clusters)
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6 rows

Game description
Along the horizon lies the snow-covered mountains of Katmandu valley. Ahead you find a long stairway leading up the cliffs to an old temple, your final destination. You are entering a mythical ancient place filled with unknown riches. Will you be able to find them?

Katmandu X is a 6 row by 6 column cluster based slot where you win on clusters with five or more connecting symbols. Central game features are: The total multiplier that increases for every win, the different wild symbols and the big symbols. The Wild symbols come in three flavours; regular Wild, the multiplier Wild and the exploding Wild. The big symbols get up to four by four in size. Icing of the cake is a bonus game with free drops.
Wins are generated by orthogonally adjacent clusters of five or more symbols, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free drops. If one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol, the super bonus game is triggered.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free drops.
The super bonus symbol in combination with two or more bonus symbols trigger the super bonus game with free drops and a guaranteed Super Wild Strike in every free drop.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except other wild symbols, bonus symbol, free drops symbol, and super bonus symbol.
The multiplier Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except other wild symbols, the bonus symbol, free drops symbol, and super bonus symbol. It also has a multiplier that will be multiplied to the win amount of any winning cluster where the multiplier Wild is included.
The exploding Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except other wild symbols, the bonus symbol, free drops symbol, and super bonus symbol. It also explodes an area of symbols around it, even if there are no winning clusters.
The free drops symbol adds additional free drops in conjunction with a bonus game trigger or when it appears in an ongoing bonus game.

Game rules
Katmandu X is a 6 reel, 6 row slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Katmandu X is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols.
The multiplier wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except other wild symbols, the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols.
The exploding wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except other wild symbols, the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols.
The exploding wild symbol explodes symbols around it potentially generating chains of explosions. Remaining exploding wild symbols explode at the end of the game round when there are no more wins and generate a redrop. Non-winning wild symbols and bonus symbols are not affected.
All multiplier wild symbols that contribute to winning clusters multiply the winning amount of their respective clusters before the total multiplier is applied.
The total multiplier applies to all winning clusters. Each winning symbol and symbols removed by an exploding wild symbol increases the total multiplier by one after the payout of the current result. The total multiplier remains active throughout the Avalanche feature and can never reset during an ongoing game round.
Each winning cluster generates a wild symbol that appears in one of the empty spaces created after the explosion of the winning symbols.
The multiplier values of the wild symbols are added together and applied to the generated wild symbol if several wild symbols contribute to the same winning cluster. Normal wild symbols and exploding wild symbols are counted as having a multiplier value of 1.
All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
All low, mid and high value symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 1 Super 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Re-dropped Big symbols will crush 1x1 symbols on their way downwards. Symbols of the same kind as the crushing Big symbol will stay unaffected together with Wild symbols, bonus symbols and free drop symbols.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state.
The Wild Strike feature replaces symbols in view with wild symbols, exploding wild symbols or multiplier wild symbols and can occur in any drop. Bonus, free drop, super bonus, wild, exploding wild or multiplier symbols can not be replaced. The Super Wild Strike feature replaces standard symbols with only exploding or multiplier wild symbols. Big symbols are replaced by wild symbols.
3 bonus symbols anywhere in view during normal mode trigger the bonus mode with 7 free drops.
The total multiplier is persistent between free drops in bonus mode.
A free drops symbol in combination with 3 bonus symbols in normal mode awards additional free drops. Landing individual free drops symbols in bonus mode awards additional free drops.
1 Super bonus symbol and 2 bonus symbols trigger the Super bonus game with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike at the beginning of each free drop. A Super bonus symbol during a regular bonus game turns the ongoing bonus game into a Super bonus game.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out when all triggered features have ended.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Katmandu X is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of a malfunction, all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024.12.12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super bonus game with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike at the beginning of each free drop at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game with free drops at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Super Wild Strike: 
A symbol drop with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Exploding Wild: 
A symbol drop with a guaranteed exploding Wild symbol at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
A symbol drop with more than double the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Katmandu X is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-01-23
Each winning cluster generates a wild symbol.
Multiple wild symbols in a winning cluster merge into a multiplier wild.
Multiplier wild symbols that connect multiple winning clusters are split into the respective clusters.
The exploding wild symbol explodes symbols around it and generates a redrop.
The Wild Strike feature randomly replaces symbols with wild symbols, exploding wild symbols or multiplier wild symbols.
Multiplier wild symbols are applied to their winning clusters before the total multiplier is applied.
Exploding wild symbols explode symbols around them potentially generating chains of explosions. They explode at the end of a game round where there are no more wins and generate a redrop.
The wild symbols substitute for any symbol except the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more vertically or horizontally connected identical symbols.
The total multiplier applies to all winning clusters. Each winning symbol and symbols removed by an exploding wild symbol increases the total multiplier.
Super, Mega and Epic symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may drop down in any symbol drop.
3 bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game.
Additional free drops are awarded by the free drops symbol.
The total multiplier is persistent between free drops in the bonus game.
1 Super bonus symbol and 2 bonus symbols trigger the Super bonus game with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike feature in every free drop. A Super bonus symbol during the bonus game turns the ongoing bonus game into a Super bonus game.
The Super Wild Strike feature randomly replaces standard symbols with multiplier or exploding wild symbols.