Key features
Name in English Hula Balua
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Scatter Pays
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6 rows

Game description
Hula Balua takes place deep in the magical forest, where the sloth Elmo lives in symbiosis with nature.
The game is a scatter game with 6 columns, 6 rows and dropping symbols.
Hula Balua is a scatter game where 8 or more identical symbols anywhere on the grid is a win. There are no pay lines.
3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the main grid at the end of a symbol drop in normal mode triggers the free drop Bonus game. Two Bonus symbols vertically connected on top of each other upgrades all Bonus symbols into Super Bonus symbols.
	• 3 Bonus symbols: 6 free drops
	• 4 Bonus symbols: 8 free drops
	• 5 Bonus symbols: 10 free drops
	• 6 Bonus symbols: 12 free drops
	

The Bonus game starts with a new set of symbols on the grid. The global multiplier is persistent during free drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The Sticky redrops feature selects one paying symbol. All matching paying symbols will become sticky on the grid. Landing one or more new matching paying symbols or Wild symbols will award one redrop, potential winnings are paid out when no additional matching symbols appear.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus game.
Multiplier are created by big symbols. The multiplier value corresponds to the number of small symbols the big symbol covers.
Big symbols are created when matching symbols form a square or a rectangle, symbols can vary between 2x2 up to 6x6. 
Big symbols can expand if new matching symbols appear and they together creates a bigger symbol. This will generate an additional multiplier for the new bigger symbol.
Big symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 symbols they cover
Elmo triggers the Elmo Wild Drops feature. Elmo walks 1 column to the left and places a random amount of Wild symbols on the grid for every redrop. Wild symbols last until Elmo has left the leftmost column or if they have contributed to a win. Elmo is still active during the last redrop

Game rules
Hula Balua is a scatter pay game with 6 columns, 6 rows and dropping symbols.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins are paid for 8 or more identical symbols scattered anywhere on the grid.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and Bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbol substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
A game round starts with a symbol drop. 
Identical symbols that form either a square or a rectangle of size 2x2 or more, merge together to create big symbols.
Multipliers are created by big symbols. The multiplier value corresponds to the number of small symbols the big symbol covers. Big symbols can drop in first. 
If a big symbol contributes to a winning combination, its multiplier value will instantly be added to the global multiplier which applies to all wins. All winning symbols are then removed from the grid. 
The grid fills up with new symbols. The avalanche repeats until no more wins.
The big symbol multiplier can have a multiplier value of 4, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18, 20, 24, 25, 30 or 36.
Big symbols can merge into bigger symbols if matching symbols land adjacent to form bigger squares or rectangles. A big symbol can never break up into smaller symbols.
Big symbols merging into bigger symbol adds an additional multiplier to the global multiplier.
Global multiplier on top or side of the game view, multiplies all winning combinations in view. Global multiplier remains until no more winning combinations appear.
If a big symbol drop ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill the empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol.
The sticky redrops feature selects one paying symbol and makes it sticky. All matching paying symbols already in view will become sticky. Landing one or more matching sticky symbols or Wild symbols during a redrop will award one additional redrop, potential winnings are paid out when no additional matching symbols or Wild symbols appear during a redrop.
Landing a new sticky redrop symbol will upgrade the selected paying symbols to the nearest higher paying symbol. This repeats for every new sticky redrop symbol until highest paying symbol is selected in the sticky redrops feature.
The sticky redrop symbol can appear in sizes 1x1 - 6x6.
Elmo triggers the Elmo Wild Drops feature. Elmo walks 1 column to the left and places a random amount of Wild symbols on the grid for every redrop. Wild symbols last until Elmo has left the leftmost column or if they have contributed to a win. Elmo is still active during the last redrop
3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the main grid at the end of a symbol drop in normal mode triggers the free drops Bonus game.
Two Bonus symbols vertically connected on top of each other upgrades all Bonus symbols into Super Bonus symbols. Super Bonus guarantee big symbols in each freedrop.
	• 3 Bonus symbols: 6 free drops
	• 4 Bonus symbols: 8 free drops
	• 5 Bonus symbols: 10 free drops
	• 6 Bonus symbols: 12 free drops
Bonus game starts with a new set of symbols on the grid. The global multiplier remains during free drops.
Bonus game can retrigger 
	• 2 Bonus symbols: 4 free drops
	• 3 Bonus symbols: 6 free drops
	• 4 Bonus symbols: 8 free drops
	• 5 Bonus symbols: 10 free drops
	• 6 Bonus symbols: 12 free drops
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.06.12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Super Bonus game, with guaranteed big symbols in each freedrop. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BUY BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
STICKY REDROPS:
Buy a game round with sticky redrops. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BIG SYMBOL:
Buy a game round with guaranteed big symbol. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with a increased chance to trigger a Bonus. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2023-06-05
When Elmo appears, he awards redrops and creates Wild symbols as he walks.
Awards one additional redrop for every redrop with at least one new matching symbol. Feature pays out when no additional matching symbols appear.
Landing another Sticky Redrop symbol will upgrade the already selected paying symbols.
Multipliers are created by big symbols. The multiplier value corresponds to the number of small symbols the big symbol covers. Big symbols can drop in first.
Identical symbols that form either a square or a rectangle merge together to create big symbols.
Three or more Bonus symbols trigger the free drops Bonus game. Bonus game can retrigger.
Two Bonus symbols vertically connected on top of each other upgrades all Bonus symbols into Super Bonus symbols.
Wins are paid for 8 or more identical symbols scattered anywhere on the grid.