Key features
Name in English Coba Reborn
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster wins (5 connecting symbols)
Jackpot No
Reels 7 reels
Rows 7 rows

Game description
Legend speaks of a flower hidden in deepest Borneo that provides immortal life. Local villagers speak of a temple filled with riches, but warn any treasure hunters that it is guarded by unkillable giant snakes. Your goal is to climb the temple and level up to be rewarded by snakes entering the game grid, and these snakes combined with powerful orchids will help generate larger win clusters and create multiplier wilds.

Coba Reborn is a cluster game with symbol win explosions and symbol gravity that keep the game going. Wins are collected towards level ups where "walking cluster" snakes enter the game alone or in larger groups. The snakes eat symbols to grow and stay alive to be able to create even larger win clusters for big win crescendos.

Four different orchids drop in as blockers with strong power-ups for the snakes to eat. The strongest blood orchid can also drain any other orchid to spawn even more snakes.		

Snakes crossing each other create multiplier wild symbols that double for additional crossings in the same position. Multiplier wilds multiply each other within the same cluster.

There is no separate bonus game; the last level - level 4 - releases 6 snakes, which holds equivalent value of a bonus game.
Wins are generated by clusters of five or more connected identical symbols, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
No bonus game per say. Activating level 4 releases 6 snakes, which holds the equivalent value of a bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the center of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A wild symbol may contain a multiplier. Multiplier wilds multiply each other within the same cluster.
The head of the snake defines the current selected snake symbol. All passed symbols become this symbol. The snake grows if it eats the selected symbol and survives for another avalanche drop.
Orchids are strong power-ups that come in 4 varieties. Each orchid has a unique feature. Snakes eat an orchid to activate its feature. Only the blood orchid can activate itself in special cases when there is any other orchid in view.

Game rules
Coba Reborn is a 7 rows and 7 columns slot with a hexagonal symbol grid, dropping symbols and cluster wins.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Winning combinations are paid for clusters with five or more matching symbols adjacently connected to each other, anywhere in the symbol grid. Multiple clusters of same symbol that are not connected are paid as separate clusters.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Symbols drop vertically with gravity and slide to the left and right repeatedly as far downwards as possible.
All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected. Thereafter, all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode, and the snake progress meter increases. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The snake progress meter awards a random number of wilds when it is half full. The wilds are randomly placed after the symbol refill. The award for a fully filled snake progress meter depends on the current active level. All snakes are released one at a time after the symbol refill.

Level 1:
Awards 3 snakes from randomly selected entry points on the side of the symbol grid.
 
Level 2:	
Awards 3 snakes from randomly selected entry points on the side of the symbol grid.

Level 3:
Awards 3 snakes from randomly selected entry points on the side of the symbol grid.

Level 4:
Awards 6 snakes from randomly selected entry points on the side of the symbol grid.
A snake is a linear cluster of symbols that gets longer as the snake moves across the symbol grid. It consists of a head and a body. It is always at least five symbols long and will always form part of a winning cluster, or be part of a larger cluster. A yellow body indicates that the snake will survive until the next avalanche drop, while a blue body indicates that it may die.
The first symbol the snake moves over becomes the currently selected snake symbol, which is indicated on the snake's head. The currently selected snake symbol becomes wild if the first symbol is an orchid.
All symbols that the snake moves over are transformed into its currently selected snake symbol except wild and multiplier wild symbols. Symbols crossed over become part of the snake as indicated by a golden frame around the symbols.
If a snake moves over the same symbol as its currently selected snake symbol, wild or orchid, it eats the symbol, grows in length, making an extra symbol move, and subsequently enters its survival state indicated by a yellow body. It remains in the symbol grid for the next avalanche drop.
If a snake does not move over its currently selected snake symbol, wild or orchid during its entire movement in an initial symbol drop or in an avalanche drop, it will die and be removed from the symbol grid prior to any win evaluations.
A snake appears from a randomly selected entry point on one of the sides of the symbol grid. It always starts in its survival state, indicated by a yellow body, and survives the first avalanche drop. Thereafter it will always start in its non-surviving state, indicated by a blue body with no selected snake symbol.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the orchid symbol. A snake that eats a wild symbol triggers growth and enters its survival state, if not already secured. A snake with wild as the currently selected snake symbol turns crossed symbols into wild symbols. Such a snake must eat a wild, a multiplier wild or an orchid symbol to grow and survive. A winning combination of all wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The multiplier wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except for the orchid symbol. A snake that eats a multiplier wild symbol triggers growth and enters its survival state, if not already secured.
The symbol position in the crossing where a snake moves over another snake is transformed into a multiplier wild symbol. The multiplier value starts at x2 and doubles on each additional crossing at the same position.
The multiplier values are multiplied when there is more than one multiplier applicable to the same cluster.
A snake that attempts to cross itself or bites its own tail without the ouroboros feature active dies and is removed from the symbol grid.
There are four different orchids, all with their own unique features; Blood, hydra, rebirth and ouroboros orchid.
Blood Orchid: 
Can drain any other orchid to spawn a snake from the blood orchid position. A snake spawns from each blood orchid’s position when there are two blood orchids simultaneously in view. The former blood orchid position is transformed into a wild symbol once the snake has completed its move.

A random number of snakes appear from randomly selected entry points on the side of the symbol grid when a snake eats a blood orchid.
Hydra Orchid:
A snake spawns behind the head of a snake that eats a hydra orchid. The new snake continues with the same currently selected snake symbol as the snake that ate the hydra orchid. When the snake eating the hydra orchid is carrying the rebirth or ouroboros feature, the features additionally pass on to the new snake.
Rebirth Orchid:
A snake can be resurrected from the dead when it eats a rebirth orchid. The resurrected snake has the same length as the snake that died and will retain the ouroboros feature if it was carrying it. The rebirth feature can be carried by a snake across multiple avalanche drops, but will be removed as soon as it is used.
Ouroboros Orchid:
A snake can cross itself without dying during one movement turn when it eats an ouroboros orchid. The crossing grows the snake, and it enters its survival state. The crossing position is transformed into a multiplier wild symbol.
A snake can carry both a rebirth feature and an ouroboros feature. A snake cannot eat another rebirth orchid if it is already carrying an unused rebirth feature, or eat another ouroboros orchid if it is already carrying an unused ouroboros feature.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Coba Reborn is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024.12.12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
COBA: Guarantees a game round that starts on level 4 at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. 6 snakes are awarded.
BALI BOOST: Guarantees a game round that starts on level 1 at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
ALL OUROBOROS: Guarantees a game round with a double blood orchid activation at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. All snakes may cross themselves.
FLOWER POWER: One drop with a minimum of 3 random orchids at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BOOSTED CHANCE: One drop with more than double the chance of reaching the first level at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Coba Reborn is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-06-19