Key features
Name in English Toro Shōgun
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Up to 1328 paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 4 rows expanding up to 10 rows

Game description
Toro Shogun is a 5 columns and 4 rows slot with spinning reels and dropping symbols. The Reels can be expanded up to 10 rows and this will unlock the Shogun Mode where the 3 lowest paying symbols are removed from the reels
Toro Shogun comes with the Toro Goes Wild and Matador Respin features and a Free Spins bonus game, all delivered with the classic Toro feeling.

Toro is a Walking Wild that walks one step to the left for each respin or when contributing to a winning combination. Two or more Matador symbols trigger a respin where the Matadors are kept sticky. Landing a Toro when Matadors are in view or landing a Matadors when a Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. During the feature, Toro knocks off and defeats all Matadors, leaving a trail of wild symbols behind.


Bonus Symbols increase the Bonus Multiplier during Free Spins. The Bonus Multiplier applies to all wins.
Toro Shogun starts with 178 connecting paylines and when full grid is unlocked and the Both Ways feature is triggered, there are 1328 paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
3 Bonus symbols trigger the free spin bonus game. Player gets 7 free spin. Landing a Bonus symbol in the Bonus game increases the Bonus Multiplier, located on top or at the side of the game view. Bonus Multiplier applies to all winning combinations.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, Toro and Matador symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
The Matador is a blocker symbol. Two or more Matador symbols award a respin during which the Matador symbols lock into position and stay sticky.
Toro is a Walking Wild that walks one step to the left for each respin or when contributing to a winning combination. Landing a Toro when Matadors are in view or landing one or more Matadors when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature.
Any winning combination connecting leftmost and rightmost reels triggers the Both Ways feature. During the Both Ways feature all paylines pay from left to right starting from the leftmost reel, and from right to left starting from the rightmost reel.
The Both Ways feature remains active until the end of the game round.
Shogun Mode is activated when reaching 10 rows on all reels. During Shogun Mode the 3 lowest paying symbols are removed from the reels. Shogun Mode remains active until the end of the game round.
Bonus symbols appear on reel 1,3 and 5. Only 1 Bonus symbol can can land on each reel. Landing a Bonus symbol in the Bonus game increases the Bonus Multiplier by 1. Bonus Multiplier applies to all wins. 3 Bonus symbols retriggers the Bonus game.

Game rules
Toro Shogun is a 5 columns and 4 rows slot with spinning reels, dropping symbols, expanding reels and up to 1328 connecting paylines.
Connecting paylines are when symbols between columns are connected side by side or by corners.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and pay from left to right on consecutive reels. The matching symbol on the right has to connect to the side or corner of the symbol on the left. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins.
The free spin bonus game ends when no free spin remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
A game round starts with symbols spinning in.
Winning combinations with overlapping paylines form groups.
For each group a reel is selected and wilds fill the empty space within the group on the selected reel.
Gravity applies and new symbols drops in. Each column expands with the same number as the removed winning symbols in that column.
This avalanche repeats until no more winning combinations appear. 10 rows is the maximum number of rows for each column.
The Max Rows feature can activate during spin and expand up to 5 reels to the maximum 10 rows. Only 1 Max Rows feature can be triggered in normal mode and free spin respectively.
Toro is a Walking Wild that generates respins. Toro walks one step to the left for each respin or when contributing to a winning combination, until Toro reaches the leftmost reel.
Landing a Toro when Matadors are in view or landing 1 or more Matadors when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature.
During the Toro Goes Wild feature, Toro moves vertically and then sideways to knock all Matadors off, leaving wild symbols behind. Toro continues to attack until all Matadors are defeated.
Toro starts by attacking Matadors on the same reel, then attacks all Matadors on his left side and finally attacks all Matadors on his right side.
Only 1 Toro attacks Matadors. The Toro on the far left will be activated in case there is more than 1 Toro on the reels. Multiple Toros in view walk simultaneously.
The Matador is a blocker symbol. 2 or more Matador symbols award a Matador Respin, during which the Matador symbols lock into position and stay sticky.
1 or more additional Matador symbols appearing during a Matador Respin award 1 additional respin.
Any winning combination connecting leftmost and rightmost reels triggers the Both Ways feature. During the Both Ways feature all paylines pay from left to right starting from the leftmost reel, and from right to left starting from the rightmost reel.
The Both Ways feature remains active until the end of the game round.
Shogun Mode is activated when reaching 10 rows on all reels. During Shogun Mode the 3 lowest paying symbols are removed from the reels. Shogun Mode remains active until the end of the game round.
Bonus symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5. Only 1 Bonus symbol can appear on each reel.
3 bonus symbols appearing during normal mode trigger the Bonus game with 7 free spins.
Bonus symbols in the Bonus game increases the Bonus Multiplier during free spins by 1. The Bonus Multiplier  applies to all current and subsequent winning combinations.
The Bonus Multiplier is set to 1x at start of the Bonus Game.
- 1 Bonus Symbol = adds 1x to Bonus Multiplier
- 2 Bonus Symbols = adds 2x to Bonus Multiplier
- 3 Bonus Symbols = adds 3x to Bonus Multiplier and adds 7 free spins
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-06-12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SHOGUN BONUS:  
Buy a game round with a guaranteed Shogun Bonus. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BUY BONUS:
Buy a game round with a guaranteed Bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
SHOGUN SPIN:
Buy a game round with 10 rows on all reels, Shogun Mode and the Both Ways feature active. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
TORO SPIN:
Buy a game round with a guaranteed Toro. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2023-04-17