Key features
Name in English Rabbit Royale
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 259 connecting paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 5 rows
Max exposure 50000 x
Max win single spin 50000 x

Game description
It’s the end of days, and we find ourselves in the backyard vegetable patch of survivalist-farmer couple Marlene and Jethro. This oh-so-rare harvest draws the attention of the local colony of rabbits who will do anything they can to get hold of the last crop of carrots grown.

Rabbit Royale is a 5 reels, 5 rows slot with 259 connecting paylines. The game's main features are collectors and coins, represented by rabbits and carrots. The rabbit symbol is the driver of the game and awards respins when it collects carrots or steals from other rabbits. 

Wild symbols turn to carrots when they are part of a win and can trigger a collect.

Three bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game which kicks off with a sticky rabbit. Triggering the bonus game with more bonus symbols guarantees additional sticky rabbits.
Rabbit Royale has 259 connecting paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free spins. Three bonus symbols award 3 free spins and 1 initial rabbit in the bonus game, four bonus symbols award 4 free spins and 2 initial rabbits, five bonus symbols award 5 free spins and 3 initial rabbits.
All rabbits are sticky during the bonus game. 

The rabbits which are present on the reels when the bonus game is triggered are brought into the bonus game, in addition to the rabbits awarded by the bonus trigger. The bonus game starts immediately after potential payline wins and collections.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, carrot and rabbit symbols.
The carrot is a blocker. It has a value that is individually collected by all the rabbits currently in view.
The rabbit is a blocker. It collects the value from all the carrots currently in view, and from the vertically and horizontally connected rabbits.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. All rabbits are sticky during the free spins. Free spins can be retriggered.

Game rules
Rabbit Royale is a 5 reel, 5 rows slot with spinning reels and 259 connecting paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Rabbit Royale is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
All spins in normal mode start with 5 rows and 259 connecting paylines.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, rabbit and carrot symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
A wild that contributes to a win turns into a carrot with a random value. The transformation occurs after the payline win, and only if there is at least one rabbit in view.
Carrot symbols are blockers. All rabbits in view individually collect the values of the carrots after the potential payline wins. The collections award one respin regardless of the number of carrots and rabbits involved.
Rabbit symbols are blockers. They collect values from all carrots in view, and from vertically and horizontally adjacent rabbits. The collect awards a respin, during which the rabbits may move to new positions.
The collection of carrots and between rabbits occur after potential payline wins. One respin is awarded regardless of the number of rabbits and carrots involved, as long as some value has been collected. The values of the rabbits are paid out at the end of the game round when there are no more respins.
All rabbits in view individually collect all carrots in view prior to any potential collection from each other. Rabbits do not interact with each other if they don’t have any value. The value of a rabbit can never decrease and it is kept until the end of the game round.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free spins.
3 bonus symbols award 3 free spins and 1 rabbit in the first free spin
4 bonus symbols award 4 free spins and 2 rabbits in the first free spin
5 bonus symbols award 5 free spins and 3 rabbits in the first free spin
Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode retrigger additional free spins and additional rabbits. The number of additional free spins and rabbits is determined in the same way as when the bonus game was initially triggered. Single bonus symbols award an additional free spin.
The respin stops and the bonus game starts immediately after potential payline wins and collections in case a bonus game is triggered during a respin. The rabbits which are currently present in view are brought into the bonus game, in addition to the rabbits awarded by the bonus trigger.
There can never be more than 5 rabbits simultaneously in view in any mode. Bonus triggers and retriggers only award additional free spins when the maximum number of rabbits is reached.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Rabbit Royale is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024.12.12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to a Super bonus game with 5 free spins and 3 rabbits at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Double Trouble:
1 spin with at least 2 rabbits and a guaranteed collect of a carrot at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Rabbit Respins:
1 spin with a guaranteed rabbit and a collect of a carrot at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
1 spin with more than double the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Rabbit Royale is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-02-27
A wild that contributes to a win reveals a carrot! The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, rabbits and carrot symbols.
A respin is awarded when a rabbit collects a carrot or faces off against another rabbit!
Adjacent rabbits face off and collect from each other!
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game, awarding three free spins and a sticky rabbit. The more bonus symbols, the more free spins and rabbits!
All rabbits are sticky during the bonus game! Free spins are not consumed during rabbit collect respins. Rabbits from base game carry over!