Key features
Name in English Dead Man’s Gold
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 4,096 ways to win expanding up to 262,144 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Kane Steel, the treasure hunter and intrepid adventurer is back! After deciphering ciphers and drawings in the journal of his privateer ancestor Captain “Long John” Steel, Kane has unearthed a secretive lost pirate colony on the Caribbean Island of Tortuga.

Dead Man's Gold is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. Symbol wins trigger the avalanche feature that expands the reels upwards up to the maximum 8 rows. The game comes with exploding symbols, hidden wild symbols, a multiplier feature, and a free drops bonus game. 

There are hidden wild symbols behind the Treasure Target symbols. Cannons fire directed at target symbols reveals the hidden wild symbols and removes non-winning adjacent symbols. The Pirate’s Cannons require cannonball symbols to be able to activate. Multiplier Treasure Targets bearing an “X” award an increase of the persistent global multiplier, reveals hidden wild symbols and removes non-winning adjacent symbols.
Dead Man's Gold starts with 4,096 ways to win but may expand up to 262,144 ways to win. The RTP for all ways is the same and is defined in the game rules.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, Treasure Target, Multiplier Treasure Target, Bottomless Chest and cannonball symbols.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Free drops can be retriggered.
The Bottomless Chest is a blocking symbol that generates and fills empty spaces in the same column with high value, wild and cannonball symbols all the way up to the achieved row.
Multiplier Treasure Targets increase the persistent global multiplier and reveal hidden wild symbols when fired at by the Pirate’s Cannons. Non-winning symbols around the Multiplier Treasure Targets are removed.
Treasure Targets reveal hidden wild symbols when fired at by the Pirate’s Cannons.
Cannonballs are blocker symbols that activate the Pirate’s Cannons feature.

Game rules
Dead Man's Gold is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
All drops in normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Dead Man's Gold is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
All low, mid and high symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 1 Super 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
All wild symbols exist in three sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, and Mega 3x3.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state. When a Bottomless Chest exists under a big symbol when empty space is created, the Bottomless Chest will fill out the empty space, potentially pushing the big symbol upwards as per its feature.
All symbols that extend beyond the current achieved amount of rows award a refill up to the highest row reached via symbol extension. Further refills continue from this new achieved amount of rows up to a maximum of 8 rows.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, Treasure Target, Multiplier Treasure Target, Bottomless Chest and cannonball symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
Bottomless Chest is a blocking symbol forge that can drop in in any drop. When space opens up in the column that the Bottomless Chest is in, the Bottomless Chest opens and pushes out high value, wild, and cannonball symbols to fill up all the way up to the achieved amount of rows.
Treasure Target and Multiplier Treasure Target symbols exist in different sizes, but count as one regardless of size when fired at by the Pirate’s Cannons.
The Pirate’s Cannons immediately fire at Treasure Targets in view when all symbols have landed and there is at least one cannonball shot collected. A cannonball shot is consumed and removed when fired. The Pirate’s Cannons fire from left to right, aiming for the largest one if there are more than one in the same column. Then additional symbols drop down from above to fill the empty spaces. The Pirate’s Cannons continue to fire as long as there are cannonball shots left and Treasure Targets are still in view.
Treasure Target symbols shot by the Pirate’s Cannons reveal the wild symbols which are hidden behind them, and blow up non-winning symbols around themselves. Adjacent Treasure Targets, Bottomless Chests and bonus symbols are not affected.
Multiplier Treasure Target symbols shot by the Pirate’s Cannons increase the persistent global multiplier, reveal wild symbols hidden behind them, and remove adjacent non-winning symbols. Adjacent Treasure Targets, Bottomless Chests and bonus symbols are not affected.
The global multiplier is only affected by a Multiplier Treasure Target being shot at by the Pirate’s Cannons. The increase of the multiplier is independent of the size of the Multiplier Treasure Target, and takes place prior to the payout. The global multiplier is persistent and never decreases during an ongoing game round.
Cannonball symbols exist in different sizes and they award one shot per 1x1 symbol instance it covers; e.g. a cannonball symbol of 1x2 awards two cannon shots. The cannonballs are collected immediately when all symbols have landed, if there is at least one win in view. The empty cannonball symbol is removed as part of the following avalanche.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free drops. 
3 bonus symbols: 10 free drops
4 bonus symbols: 15 free drops
5 bonus symbols: 20 free drops
6 bonus symbols: 25 free drops
The current collected cannonballs and the current active global multiplier are both brought into the bonus game.
Treasure Targets and Multiplier Treasure Targets are persistent between free drops until they are part of a win. The Bottomless Chest is persistent throughout the whole bonus game.
Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode retrigger additional free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the same way as when the bonus game was initially triggered.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Dead Man’s Gold is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-12-12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to a Super Bonus game with a minimum of 10 free drops and with unlimited ammunition for the Pirate’s Cannons at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. The Treasure Targets are sticky until part of a win, and the Bottomless Chest is sticky throughout the whole bonus game.
Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the Bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. The Treasure Targets are sticky until part of a win, and the Bottomless Chest is sticky throughout the whole bonus game.
Super cannon spin: One spin where the Pirate’s Cannons have unlimited amounts of cannonball shots. Bonus triggers award Super Bonus at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Chest Plunderer: One spin with a guaranteed Bottomless Chest at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Big Block: One spin with a guaranteed big symbol at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Dead Man’s Gold is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-04-03
Treasure Targets shot by the Pirate’s Cannons reveal hidden wild symbols and blow up non-winning symbols around themselves!
Cannonballs drop in to activate the Pirate’s Cannons. Cannons fire when they can target a Treasure Target!
The Multiplier Treasure Target reveals hidden wild symbols, blows up non-winning symbols around itself, and increases the persistent global multiplier!
The Bottomless Chest is a blocking symbol that generates and fills empty spaces in the same column with high value, wild and cannonball symbols all the way up to the achieved row.
All symbols which are part of a win explode and leave space for additional symbol drops, and an additional row of symbols is added at the top up to a maximum of eight rows. The avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Super, Mega and Epic symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may drop down in any symbol drop.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Treasure Target, Multiplier Treasure Target, Bottomless Chest, cannonball and the bonus symbols.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game, awarding free drops. The more bonus symbols, the more free drops!
Treasure Targets, Multiplier Treasure Targets and Bottomless Chests become sticky during the bonus game.