Key features
Name in English Ashoka
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Scattered win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 8 rows

Game description
Ashoka is a game that takes scene in the hidden part of the Indian Jungle, the legends tell about a mystical bound between the Prince and the White Tiger. Together they are always fighting for greater good.

       The game is played as a Scattered game and is 6 columns by 8 rows playfield with dropping symbols, paying symbols, wilds, multipliers and Bonus symbols.
Ashoka is a scatter win game where you need 8 or more identical symbols anywhere on the grid. There are no pay lines.
3 Bonus symbols trigger the 10 free drops bonus game. Super Multiplier symbols remain when entering the bonus game and between free drops. The Bonus game can retrigger.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The charged Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last for up to 3 wins. It is removed after the last winning combination.
The multiplier symbol activates and adds its value to the Win Multiplier when there are winning combinations in view. The multiplier symbol is deactivated and removed with the winning symbols.
The super multiplier symbol activates and adds its value to the Win Multiplier when there are winning combinations in view. The super multiplier will reactivate for each Avalanche. The super multiplier remains until no more winning combinations appear.
3 active bonus symbols anywhere on the main grid triggers the free drops bonus game.

Game rules
Ashoka is a scatter pay game with 6 columns, 8 rows and dropping symbols.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins are paid for 8 or more identical symbols scattered anywhere on the grid.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
A game round starts with a symbol drop with blockers above and below symbols for each column.
Winning symbols are removed from the grid. Any blocker symbol vertically adjacent to a winning symbol is removed, increasing the numbers of symbols in play.
The grid fills up with new symbols. Any new winning combinations are paid and the Avalanche repeats until no more wins.
Big Wild symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 Wild symbols they cover. I.e. a 2x2 Wild symbol is 4 regular Wild symbols and a 3x3 Wild symbol is 9 regular Wild symbols.
The charged Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last up to 3 wins. It is removed after the last win.
If a big symbol drop ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill the empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol.
Win multiplier on top or side of the game view, multiplies all winning combinations in view when it's active.
The multiplier symbol adds its value and activates the win multiplier when there are winning combinations in view. The multiplier symbol is deactivated and removed with the winning symbols.
The multiplier symbol can have a multiplier value of 2, 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50 or 100.
The super multiplier symbol adds its value and activates the win multiplier when there are winning combinations in view. The super multiplier symbol will reactivate for each Avalanche. The super multiplier remains until no more winning combinations appear.
The super multiplier symbol can have a multiplier value of 2, 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50 or 100.
3 active bonus symbols anywhere on the main grid triggers the 10 free drops bonus game.
Inactive bonus symbol will become an active bonus symbol when vertically adjacent to a winning symbol.
Super multiplier symbols remain when entering the bonus game and between free drops.
The bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the grid.
Bonus game can retrigger.
- 2 active bonus symbols = 5 added free drops.
- 3 active bonus symbols = 10 added free drops.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.06.09

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:
Buy a game round, triggering the bonus game with a guaranteed super multiplier. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BUY BONUS:
Buy a game round, triggering the bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
SUPER MULTIPLIER:
Buy a game round with one guaranteed super multiplier symbol. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
CHARGED WILDS:
Buy a game round with all Wild symbols as charged Wild symbols. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with a higher chance to trigger a bonus. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2023-02-21