Key features
Name in English Dam Beavers
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines The number of possible paylines vary based on the position of the beavers.
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 5 rows

Game description
A warm welcome to the Casa del Beaver, a luxurious multi-level dam inhabited by 4 sprightly beavers with a passion for DIY (even if they’re not very good at it)!

Dam Beavers is a 5 row by 5 column slot with dropping symbols that can expand up to 8 rows by 8 columns. Exposing and triggering breaking points under the symbols advances the game to expanded symbol grids from 5x5 to 6x6, 7x7 and finally 8x8.

Core game features are: The four beavers that move around on the grid collecting fruit symbols and feature symbols, the feature meter that counts up as paying symbols are collected and adds a pending feature symbol release once the meter is full, hidden features under the symbol grid that are activated when fully revealed, the Beaver Night Fever mini bonus game when clearing all the floorboards on a floor level, and finally the free drops bonus game.
Wins are generated by the four beavers collecting horizontally or vertically adjacent fruit symbols, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A combination of three bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
There are four types of fruit symbols, one for each beaver. The beavers can only collect the fruit symbols that have the same color as the beaver. The fruit symbols can be upgraded to higher payout levels.
A beaver picking up a firework symbol upgrades the beaver’s own collectable paying symbols to the next payout level.
A beaver picking up a TNT symbol causes a series of underground explosions that remove floorboards. If a passage is revealed under any of the floorboards, the symbol above it will also explode to fully reveal the passage.
A beaver picking up a blender symbol triggers an instant boost of the feature meter that fills it completely, and overcharging the remainder where possible.
The wild symbol substitutes for any fruit symbol at their respective current payout level.
Three bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Free drops can be retriggered.
Passages are hidden tunnels under the floorboards. A revealed passage allows a beaver to move under the grid and appear on another random collectable symbol position elsewhere on the grid. Passages may also lead to beavers swapping positions.
Coins are large 2x2, 3x3, 4x4, 5x5 and 8x8 symbols that take up several spaces under the floorboards.
Breaking points are 2x2 large hidden progression points under the floorboards. A fully revealed breaking point unlocks progression to the next floor level.

Game rules
Dam Beavers is a 5 row by 5 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns.
All drops in normal mode start with fruit symbols on payout level 1 and with a grid size of 5 rows and 5 columns.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Dam Beavers is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
Dam Beavers has four collecting beaver symbols that can move around the game grid. Each beaver is paired with a fruit symbol of the same color as the beaver.
Under the symbols on the grid are floorboards that are destroyed when a beaver moves over them. Feature symbols can be hidden under the floorboards.
The beavers collect fruit symbols of the same color as themselves and interact with feature symbols either on the symbol grid or when they are fully revealed under the floorboards.
Paying symbols consist of fruit symbols of the same color as the moving beaver and wild symbols.
Wins are generated by a beaver moving and collecting orthogonally adjacent paying symbols.
The beavers collect symbols by moving to horizontally or vertically adjacent collectable symbols.
Fruit symbols can be individually upgraded to higher payout levels, up to a maximum payout level of 8.
Above the game grid there is a feature meter. The feature meter keeps track of collected fruit symbols and wild symbols. The feature meter continues to count collected symbols until the beavers can't collect more symbols.
At the end of the feature meter three feature reward cards are shown. One card is face-up, and an additional card is then revealed each time the feature meter is filled. There are three different feature reward cards:
Wild Scatter - A random number of symbols on the grid are replaced by wilds.
Refresh Symbols - Replaces all current symbols on the grid.
Symbol Swap - Two random symbol types swap places, for example: all red symbols become green and all previously green symbols become red.
A pending feature release is activated when no further progression can be made on the game grid. Once the feature is released, its card is consumed and turned face down. That feature reward card can represent any of the three feature rewards when it is turned face up the next time.
A feature reward release becomes pending when the feature meter is full, and then collection towards a new feature reward starts. A maximum of 3 feature rewards can be pending simultaneously, one for each feature reward card. Pending feature rewards are activated and played through one by one in the order they were collected.
A feature symbol is activated when it is fully revealed and is collected by a beaver.
There are a total of eight feature symbols in Dam Beavers. Five different types of feature symbols appear on the symbol grid and three feature symbols are hidden under the floorboards:
On the symbol grid: firework symbol, TNT symbol, blender symbol, wild symbol and bonus symbol.
Hidden under floorboards: coins, passages and breaking points.
A beaver picking up a firework symbol upgrades the beaver’s own collectable paying symbols to the next payout level. Symbols upgrade one payout level at a time up to a maximum payout level of 8. All other paying symbols on the game grid are upgraded in case the beaver’s own paying symbols are already at payout level 8.
A beaver picking up a TNT symbol causes a series of underground explosions that remove floorboards. If a passage is revealed under any of the floorboards, the symbol above it will also explode to fully reveal the passage.
A beaver picking up a blender symbol triggers an instant boost of the feature meter that fills it completely, and overcharging the remainder where possible.
The wild symbol substitutes for any fruit symbol at their respective current payout level.
Coins are large symbols that appear under the floorboards. A coin is collected when it is fully revealed. Coins may overlap other coins. The top coin has to be collected first before the underlying coin becomes accessible.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
Passages are hidden tunnels under the floorboards. A revealed passage allows a beaver to move under the grid and appear on another random collectable symbol position elsewhere on the grid. A beaver may alternatively use a passage to swap position with another beaver.
Breaking points are 2x2 large hidden progression points under the floorboards. A fully revealed breaking point unlocks progression to the next floor level. Every floor level has a breaking point, except for floor 4 which has none.
All paying symbols are upgraded one payout level when a breaking point is activated. A potential Beaver Night Fever feature is completed and the paying symbols are reset to their respective payout levels that they had before the Beaver Night Fever feature was activated before the breaking point is activated.
Paying symbols at the maximum payout level of 8 are not upgraded.
The game has four floor levels and each floor level increases in symbol grid size. Floor levels progress as such:
Floor level 1: 5x5 symbol grid.
Floor level 2: 6x6 symbol grid.
Floor level 3: 7x7 symbol grid.
Floor level 4: 8x8 symbol grid.
Floor level 4 is the largest symbol grid at 8x8 and has a special number of floorboards. The corner tiles in the symbol grid and those immediately adjacent have no floorboards. A MAX WIN coin is hidden under the floorboards and revealing the coin in its entirety awards the game’s max win, ending the game round. The remaining amount required to reach the maximum win is paid out.
Upon removing all floorboards from a floor level, the mini-bonus Beaver Night Fever becomes pending. When the game comes to a stop on the current floor level, all paying symbols drop out and new paying symbols drop in. The new symbols are upgraded to higher payout levels.
Floor level 1: all symbols are upgraded to payout level 5.
Floor level 2: all symbols are upgraded to payout level 6.
Floor level 3: all symbols are upgraded to payout level 7.
There is no Beaver Night Fever for floor level 4 as that instead triggers max win.

Beaver Night Fever triggers prior to any pending feature meter reward releases.
If a paying symbol is already at a payout level at or above what Beaver Night Fever provides, that symbol remains at its current payout level during the Beaver Night Fever feature.
The Beaver Night Fever feature ends when no further progression on the game grid is possible and there are no pending feature reward releases.
Bonus mode with free drops is triggered when the beavers collect three bonus symbols during an active game round in normal mode.
A bonus game becomes pending when three bonus symbols have been collected. The bonus game starts when no beaver moves, potential Beaver Night Fever feature is completed, all pending feature reward releases are played through and all potential floor level progressions are performed.
The bonus game awards 5 free drops and starts on the current active floor level.
The floor level, the progress on the feature meter, the payout level of the paying symbols, and the collection of additional bonus symbols are all persistent during the remaining free drops. Beavers may move to different positions between free drops.
The collection of bonus symbols is cleared at the start of the bonus game to allow for a retrigger. Three bonus symbols during bonus mode retriggers the bonus game and award 5 additional free drops. There is no limit to the number of retriggers.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Dam Beavers is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-12-12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game starting at floor level 3 with all paying symbols upgraded to payout level 3 at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Dambuster: One drop that starts at floor level 3 with all paying symbols upgraded to payout level 3 at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Eager Beaver: One drop that starts at floor level 2 with all paying symbols upgraded to payout level 2 at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One drop with 1 bonus symbol already collected, and with more than four times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Dam Beavers is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-10-16
Fully reveal the breaking point to advance to the next floor level!
Clear all floorboards for Beaver Night Fever!
Beavers set off fireworks to upgrade their symbols!
Blow away even more floorboards with TNT!
Wild symbols substitute for all paying symbols that the beaver that collects it can consume.
Tunnel under the floorboards to emerge at another random collectable symbol position elsewhere on the grid or swap places with another beaver!
Remove all floorboards on the last floor level to get the ultimate prize - the maximum payout!
All paying symbols and wilds collected by the beavers increase the feature meter which unlocks feature reward cards.
Replaces a random number of paying symbols with wilds.
Replaces all current symbols on the grid.
Two random symbol types swap places, for example: all red symbols become green, all previously green symbols become red.
Collect 3 bonus symbols to trigger the bonus game, awarding 5 free drops. The bonus game can be retriggered.