Key features
Name in English Oxygen
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster Wins
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 7 rows

Game description
Oxygen is a 6 columns x 7 rows slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins. The game comes with multiplier collectors, multiplier dealers, big symbols, exploding Wilds, X-Blaster Wilds and a free drop bonus game.
Oxygen is a cluster game where a cluster of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected triggers a win.
A combination of three bonus symbols in normal mode trigger the bonus mode with free drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
The exploding Wild is a Wild symbol that activates when it is part of a winning cluster. The exploding Wild removes all payout symbols within an X-shape area above and below itself. The exploding Wild detonates when no more winning combinations appear.
The X-Blaster Wild is a Wild symbol that triggers when it is part of a winning cluster. A random payout symbol or Wild symbol is selected and replaces all payout symbols in an X-shape. Exploding Wilds or X-Blasters on its trajectory will be triggered. Symbols affected by multiple X-Blasters will turn into Wild symbols.
The dealer feature multiplies all multiplier values in one or more vertically or horizontally adjacent V shapes with the multiplier value on the dealers symbol position.
The collector feature collects and adds all multiplier values in view to the collectors symbol position.
3 or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game. Bonus game can be retriggered

Game rules
Oxygen is a 6 columns x 7 rows slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected. Only the largest cluster of the connected identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
The game starts with a symbol drop. All wins in the current symbol drop are collected and symbols which were part of a winning combination is removed. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position. New symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The avalanche continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The first win on each symbol position activates an oxygen bubble for that position. The following win on such a bubble position activates a multiplier value x2 on that position. Further wins on the same bubble position double this multiplier value. Winning combinations are paid multiplied by the sum of all bubble multiplier values in the cluster. All multiplier values are persistent between free drops in the Bonus mode.
The multiplier value can have a value of x2, x4, x8, x16, x32, x64, x128, x256, 
x512, x1024 or x2048.
The biggest single multiplier is 2048.
The Multiplier Strike feature places an x2 multiplier value on a random number of positions on the symbol grid. If a position already has a multiplier value, it will instead be multiplied by x2. The multiplier strike feature can trigger in any symbol drop or free drop.
The multiplier collector feature collects and adds all multiplier values in view to the collectors symbol position. The multiplier collector feature activates when part of a winning cluster. The Multiplier collector feature can be persistent.
The dealer feature triggers when its position is part of a win. It then takes the bubble multiplier of its position, or X2 if there is no other bubble multiplier, and multiples all multipliers in a triangular V-shaped area to the left, right, above, or below the dealer position by its multiplier. The multiplier dealer feature can be persistent and can trigger several times, but will not increase its multiplier value.
The exploding Wild is a Wild symbol that activates when it is part of a winning cluster. The exploding Wild removes all payout symbols within an X-shape area above and below itself. The exploding Wild detonates when no more winning combinations appear. All features within the X-Shape area will be triggered.
The X-Blaster Wild is a Wild symbol that triggers when it is part of a winning cluster. A random payout symbol or wild symbol is selected and replaces all payout symbols in an X-shape. Exploding Wilds or X-Blasters on its trajectory will be triggered. Symbols affected by multiple X-Blasters will turn into Wild symbols.
3 bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 10 free drops. Multipliers are persistent when entering the bonus game and between freedrops. In Super Bonus at least one multiplier feature is persistent. Bonus game can be retriggered.
3 Bonus symbols, +5 free drops
2 Bonus symbols, +3 free drops
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.06.10

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:				
Buy a bonus game with a guaranteed persistent multiplier feature. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:					
Buy a bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
PERSISTENT MULTIPLIER FEATURE:				
Guaranteed persistent multiplier feature. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MULTIPLIER STRIKE:				
Guaranteed multiplier strike. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:				
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger a bonus. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2025-06-10
Three bonus symbols and a persistent multiplier feature triggers the Super Bonus.
In Super Bonus at least one multiplier feature is persistent.
Three bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game.
In the bonus game all multiplier values are persistent between free drops. The Bonus game can be retriggered.
Symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may appear in any symbol drop.
A random payout symbol or wild symbol is selected and replaces all payout symbols in an X-shape
Removes all payout symbols within an X-shape area above and below itself.
Wild symbols substitutes for any payout symbol.
Multiplies all multiplier values in one or more V shape. The Dealer feature can be persistent.
Collects all multiplier values in view. The Collector feature can be persistent.
Every winning combination doubles the multiplier value on the symbol positions covered by the winning combination.
All symbols which were part of a winning combination is removed. The remaining symbols fall vertically. New symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces.