Key features
Name in English Gladiatoro
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 4 rows with 178 ways to win, expanding up to 6 rows with 340 ways to win.
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
After being thrown out of the army and backstabbed by his old friend due to being close to the emperor of Rome, Toro was found and given a new life as a Gladiator, whilst his old friend became the new Emperor. Toro spent years fighting in smaller cities, until the rumour of him being the most entertaining Gladiator that has ever set a hoof in an arena reached Caesar. He has now called for Toro to enter the stage in the theatre of theatres, the Colosseum. Little does Caesar know that his old buddy is back for vengeance.

Gladiatoro is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 178 ways to win in Normal mode. It comes packed with the Toro Goes Wild, Matador Respin features, Diaz collector features and a Gladiator Bonus game, all delivered with the classic Toro feeling.  

In Normal mode, the Toro is a Walking wild that generates respins as he moves. 2 or more Matador symbols trigger a respin where the Matadors are kept sticky. A Diaz symbol triggers a collector feature where the Diaz symbol will collect the value of all coins on the game grid and then pay the collected value times the bet level. Landing the Toro when Matadors are in view or Matadors when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. During the feature, Toro knocks off and defeats all Matadors, leaving a trail of wild symbols behind. The Toro will double the value of any coin he walks over.

A level up symbol will expand the game grid and turn into a coin symbol. If no respins are pending or if Matadors are not awarding respins simultaneously, the level up coin will award a respin.
The Bonus coin is a special type of coin. 3 Bonus coin symbols in Normal mode trigger the Gladiator Bonus game.
All coins that land on the current active rows during the bonus game add their value to the final payout.
Landing one or more symbols during a Gladiator Bonus Spin will reset the Gladiator Bonus Spin counter to 3.
Gladiatoro starts with 178 ways to win in normal mode, but may expand up to 340 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A combination of 3 Bonus coin symbols in Normal mode trigger the Gladiator Bonus game with Gladiator Bonus Spins. The Bonus game starts with three Gladiator Bonus Spins. The number of active rows and the collection of coin symbols are both persistent during the bonus game. One additional collected symbol on the active rows is enough to reset the spin counter.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the coin, Toro, Diaz and Matador symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
The Matador is a blocker symbol. Two or more Matador symbols award a respin during which the Matador symbols lock into position and stay sticky.
The Matador symbol behaves differently in the bonus game. The Matador upgrades the value of a random number of coins, and then spins out on the next spin.
The persistent Matador symbol is a sticky version of the bonus game Matador that also only appears in the bonus game. The persistent Matador upgrades the values of a random number of coins after each spin until the bonus game ends.
Diaz is a collector symbol in normal mode. Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid and pays out the collected value times the current bet level.
Diaz behaves slightly differently in the bonus game. Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid and then turns into a coin with the collected value. The spin counter resets when a Diaz symbol lands.
The persistent Diaz symbol is a sticky version of the bonus game Diaz that also only appears in the bonus game. The persistent Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid after each spin until the bonus game ends. The spin counter resets when a persistent Diaz symbol lands.
Toro is a Walking Wild symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. Landing the Toro when Matador symbols are in view, or landing one or more Matadors when Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. No spins are consumed when the Toro walks during the bonus game.
Bonus coins are sticky symbols. A combination of five or more Bonus coin symbols during normal mode triggers bonus mode. Coin symbols are collected in bonus mode, and they pay out their value times the selected bet level when they pay out.
Coin symbols are collected by Diaz, and add their value times the selected bet level in the Gladiator Bonus game.
The level up coin is a special coin. It expands the game grid upwards by opening up another row at the top, and then turns into a regular coin. It also awards a respin in normal mode if no respin is pending or if Matadors are not awarding respins simultaneously while it resets the spin counter in bonus mode.

Game rules
A coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level when it pays out by Diaz collect feature in normal mode or at the end of the Bonus game.
Gladiatoro is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 178 ways to win in Normal mode.
The reels can expand up to 6 rows and 340 ways to win in Normal mode.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Gladiatoro is played in two modes; Normal mode and bonus mode with Gladiator Bonus Spins.
A Gladiator Bonus Spin is a Free Spin where all symbols on the grid spin independently. Also inactive rows spin and can land symbols that are sticky, but remain inactive until the row is activated.
In normal mode, wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
Coins, Diaz, the Matador and Toro are available in both Normal mode and bonus mode.
The level up coin is a special coin. It expands the game grid upwards by opening up another row at the top, and then turns into a regular coin. Expansion occurs first, prior to win evaluations and other features. It also awards a respin in normal mode if no respin is pending or if Matadors are not awarding respins simultaneously, while it resets the spin counter in bonus mode.
The level up coin is available in both Normal mode and bonus mode.
A coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level when it pays out by Diaz collect feature in normal mode or at the end of the Bonus game.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the coin, Toro, Diaz and Matador symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
Two or more Matador symbols in Normal mode award a Matador Respin, during which the Matador symbols lock into position and stay sticky.
Additional Matador symbols that appear during a Matador Respin award an additional respin regardless of the number of Matadors.
Landing the Toro when Matador symbols are in view or landing one or more Matador symbols when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature.
Diaz is a collector symbol in normal mode. Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid and pays out the collected value times the current bet level.
Toro is a Walking Wild symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step.
The Toro doubles the value of all coin symbols he passes over.
In Normal mode, landing the Toro when Matadors are in view or landing one or more Matadors when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature.
During the Toro Goes Wild feature, Toro moves vertically and then horizontally to knock all Matador symbols off. Toro continues to attack until all Matador symbols are defeated.
Toro starts by attacking Matador symbols on the same reel. He then looks to the left and continues to attack to the left as long as there are additional Matador symbols. He finally looks to the right and attacks all Matador symbols on his right side.
Toro leaves a trail of wild symbols behind when charging and knocking Matador symbols off in normal mode.
Toro leaves no trail of symbols behind when charging and knocking Matadors or Diaz symbols off in bonus mode.
3 Bonus coin symbols anywhere in view trigger the Gladiator Bonus game.
The bonus mode starts with three Gladiator Bonus Spins.
Landing one or more symbols on the current active rows in the bonus game resets the spin counter to 3.
The bonus game is played with only coin, level up, Toro and other versions of Matador and Diaz symbols.
Regular coins are sticky during the bonus game. The total value of all collected coins on the active rows on the game grid times the selected bet level is paid out when the bonus game ends.
The level up coin in Bonus mode will unlock one locked row and then turn into a regular coin.
Symbols landing in locked rows during the bonus game remain sticky but do not reset the spin counter.
Filling the fully expanded game grid with 30 sticky symbols in the end of the Bonus game will award the Gladiator Jackpot.
The Gladiator Jackpot immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
The regular Matador symbol and the Toro symbol are not sticky symbols and do therefore not contribute to the Gladiator Jackpot.
Sticky symbols in locked rows do not contribute to the Gladiator Jackpot.
The Matador symbol behaves differently in the bonus game. The Matador upgrades the value of a random number of coins, and then spins out on the next spin.
The persistent Matador symbol is a sticky version of the bonus game Matador that also only appears in the bonus game. The persistent matador upgrades the values of a random number of coins after each spin until the bonus game ends. A combination of Toro and a persistent Matador symbol do not trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature.
Landing more than one Matador symbol in bonus mode activates one Matador at a time until all Matadors have been activated.
The Diaz symbol behaves slightly differently in the bonus game. Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid and then turns into a coin with the collected value.
The Diaz symbol together with the Toro will trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature in the Gladiator Bonus game.
When charged in bonus mode, Diaz leaves behind a new coin with double his own value at a random position when he is knocked off by the Toro during the Toro Goes Wild feature.
The persistent Diaz symbol is a sticky version of the bonus game Diaz that also only appears in the bonus game. The persistent Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid after each spin until the bonus game ends. A combination of Toro and a persistent Diaz symbol do not trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature.
Landing more than one Diaz symbol in bonus mode activates one Diaz at a time until all Diaz symbols have been activated.
In bonus mode, Toro is a walking symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. No spins are consumed during the respins.
The Toro doubles the value of all coin symbols he passes over.
Toro remains in position for an additional respin in case a persistent Matador or persistent Diaz is on the reel directly to the left. Toro then passes over the persistent character during the next spin and continues to walk leftwards again from the reel to the left of the persistent character.
A persistent Matador or persistent Diaz doesn’t trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. Toro stays in his position and doesn’t interact with the persistent characters.
Landing Diaz and the Matador in the same spin will first activate all Matadors, then activate all Diazes.
If Toro, Diaz and Matador symbols land in the same spin, all Matadors are activated first, then Diaz symbols are activated and only then the Toro. Any potential persistent Diaz symbols are activated at the end after Toro.
The bonus game ends when no spins remain, when the Gladiator Jackpot is triggered, or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Gladiatoro is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-12-13

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
One spin with guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus game with one Persistent symbol from the start at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Game:
One spin with quaranteed entry to the Bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Diaz:
One spin with one guaranteed Diaz symbol. If the Bonus game is triggered, the Diaz symbol will be transfered into the Bonus game as a persistent Diaz at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Matador Respin:
One spin with two guaranteed Matador symbols. If the Bonus game is triggered, all Matador symbols will be transfered into the Bonus game as persistent Matadors at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
More than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the Bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Gladiatoro is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-09-29
The Toro will double the value of any coin he walks or charges over.
The level up coin is a special coin. It expands the grid and turns into a regular coin.
The Toro is a Walking Wild that generates respins as he moves leftwards. He doubles the value of all coin symbols he passes over.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the coin, Matador, Diaz and Toro symbols.
Two or more Matador symbols award a respin during which the Matador symbols lock into position and stay sticky.
Diaz is a collector symbol. Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid and pays out the collected value times the current bet level.
The level up coin is a special coin. It expands the grid and turns into a regular coin. If no respins are pending, the level up coin will award a respin.
The Toro together with the Matador will not end well for the Matador. The Toro Goes Wild and will knock all Matadors off the grid.
The Toro leaves a trail of wild symbols behind during the Wild Toro Goes Wild feature in normal mode.
3 Bonus coin symbols anywhere in view trigger the Gladiator Bonus game.
The bonus game is played with only coins, level up, Toro and other versions of Matador and Diaz symbols.
Matadors have a Matador handout feature. The Matador will handout increased value to coins before spinning out. Diazes are collector symbols, collecting the values from all coins, then turn into a new coin on the grid with the collected value.
The sum of all collected coin values on the grid are shown in the Bonus Win Counter. This value times the selected bet level represents the total win at the end of the bonus game.
Landing one or more symbols on the current active rows during a spin in the bonus game resets the spin counter to 3.
The Persistent Matador is sticky until the Bonus game has finished, triggering the Matador handout feature in every Gladiator Bonus Spin.
The Persistent Diaz is sticky until the Bonus game has finished, triggering the collector feature in every Gladiator Bonus Spin.
The Toro is a Walking symbol that generates respins as he moves leftwards. The Toro will trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature together with a Matador or Diaz, but without the trail of Wilds.
Filling the game grid with sticky symbols in the end of the Bonus game will pay the maximum win of 10,000x the bet.