Key features
Name in English J-POP
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 4,096 ways to win expanding up to 262,144 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 4 rows

Game description
J-POP is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. Symbol wins trigger the avalanche feature that expands the reels upwards up to the maximum 8 rows. The game comes with Grid Flips, walking Wilds, Big Drops, Wild boxes and a free drops bonus game.
J-POP starts with 4,096 ways to win but may expand up to 262,144 ways to win. The RTP for all ways is the same and is defined in the game rules.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols in normal mode trigger the bonus mode with free drops. Walking Wild symbols will be kept when entering the bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
The walking Wild symbol is a sticky Wild symbol with an increasing multiplier value. When contributing to a winning combination, the walking Wild randomly walks 1 step to any adjacent symbol position and increases its multiplier value by x1 (+1). The walking Wild symbol temporarily adopts the size of any symbol it walks onto. Only payout symbols or empty slots can be walked onto.
The Grid Flip symbol trigger the columns (1 and 6, 2 and 5, 3 and 4) to switch position on the grid and then becomes a Wild symbol.
The Big Drop symbol trigger a drop of big symbols that crushes away 1x1 payout symbols and then becomes a Wild symbol.
The Wild Box symbol places a random amount of Wild symbols on the grid. Only payout symbols or empty slots can be replaced.
3 or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.

Game rules
J-POP is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
All drops in normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps are allowed. Only the highest win per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
J-POP is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
Wild symbols and payout symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 1 Super 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol, except walking Wild, to reach a stable horizontal resting state.
All symbols that extend beyond the current achieved amount of rows award a refill up to the highest row reached via row expansion up to a maximum of 8 rows.
The game starts with a symbol drop. All wins in the current symbol drop are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode except for the walking Wild. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position, an additional row is added at the top and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The avalanche continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The walking Wild symbol is a sticky Wild symbol with an increasing multiplier value. When contributing to a winning combination, the walking Wild randomly walks 1 step to any adjacent symbol position and increases its multiplier value by x1 (+1). The walking Wild symbol temporarily adopts the size of any symbol it walks onto. Only payout symbols or empty slots can be walked onto.
The Grid Flip symbol trigger the columns (1 and 6, 2 and 5, 3 and 4) to switch position on the grid and then becomes a Wild symbol. The Grid Flip symbol executes when no additional winning combinations appear.
The Big Drop symbol trigger a drop of big symbols that crushes away 1x1 payout symbols and then becomes a Wild symbol. The Big Drop symbol executes when no additional winning combinations appear.
If the Grid Flip and Big Drop symbols coincide in view, the Grid Flip symbol will execute first.
The Wild Box symbol places a random amount of Wild symbols on the grid when contributing to a win. Only payout symbols or empty slots can be replaced.
3 or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game. Walking Wilds are persistent when entering the bonus game and between freedrops.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free drops. 
3 bonus symbols: 10 free drops
4 bonus symbols: 12 free drops
5 bonus symbols: 15 free drops
6 bonus symbols: 20 free drops
The free drops bonus game always starts with the safety level set to 4 rows. Every winning free drop advances the safety level one row. A walking Wild might advance the safety level several rows.
The advancement of the safety level occurs after the payout. The next free drop starts from the new safety level. The safety level can at the most advance 4 rows resulting in a total of 8 rows with a maximum of 262,144 ways to win.
Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode retrigger additional free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-12-02

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:				
Buy a bonus game with a guaranteed walking Wild. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:					
Buy a bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
WALKIN WILD:				
Buy a game round with a guaranteed walking Wild. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BIG DROP:				
Buy a game round with a guaranteed Big Drop symbol. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:				
Buy a game round with an increased chance to trigger a bonus. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2023-08-22
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Free drops can be retriggered.
In the bonus game the safety level advances one row for every new free drop initiated that results in a win. Every new free drop starts at the current active safety level.
Each new win in a game round. Triggers an additional row added to the top of the grid and additional ways to win.
Super, Mega and Epic symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may drop down in any symbol drop.
The Wild Box symbol places a random amount of Wild symbols on the grid. Only payout symbols or empty slots can be replaced.
The walking Wild randomly walks 1 step to any adjacent symbol position and increases its multiplier value by x1.
Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol.
Flips the grid horizontally and becomes a Wild symbol.
Triggers a drop of big symbols that crushes away 1x1 payout symbols and becomes a Wild symbol.