Pirots 2
Game description document




Created on
2025-05-08
Key features
Function         Value
Name in
                 Pirots 2
English
ELK Game id      10202
Product
                 Casino
category
Game type        Slot
Client           HTML5
Theoretical
                 94.0%
RTP
                 The number of possible paylines vary based on the
Lines
                 position of the birds.
Jackpot          No
Reels            6 columns
Rows             6 rows
Hit frequency    25.4%
Min bet          € 0.20
Max bet          € 100.00
Max exposure     10 000x max bet
Max win single
                 10 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win      € 1,000,000.00
Game description
"What is that huge thing moving in the horizon?" Captain Redfeather asked
his comrades while staring to the south. "I can see it too. It's huge!" Said
Aaron. "Whatever it is, I bet there is treasure to be found over there! Every
bird at the ready, we are leaving"! Captain Redfeather roared. "Under a black
flag we fly! Keep your powder dry!" Yelled Charlie, smiling gleefully at Hank
and Skipper. And so the four birds flew away from their island. The four birds
plus Charlie of course. To new adventures, and to discover a quite
unexpected place: Dino World!

Pirots 2 is a 6 row by 6 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 8
columns. Central game features are: The four birds that move around the
grid collecting amber symbols and feature symbols, the symbol collection
meter that counts the number of symbols collected and adds a pending
feature symbol release when the meter is full, and finally the bonus game
with free drops.
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing.
Paylines
Wins are generated by the four birds collecting horizontally or vertically
adjacent amber symbols, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The
RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game
rules.




Special symbols
Symbol image Function
                    There are four types of amber symbols, one for each
                    bird. The birds can only collect the amber symbols that
                    have the same color as the bird. The amber symbols
                    can be upgraded to higher payout levels.
Symbol image Function
             The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the
             birds collect three bonus symbols during a game
             round. If any feature symbol releases are pending
             when the bonus game starts, they will be released as a
             part of the first free drop.

             The wild symbol substitutes for any amber symbol at
             their current respective payout level.

             A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of
             amber symbols next to the bird into the same color as
             the bird that collected the symbol. It may also convert a
             random number of amber symbols into feature
             symbols.
             The upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of
             amber symbols of the same color as the bird that
             collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the
             amber symbols increases 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a
             maximum payout level of 7.
             The upgrade all symbol upgrades all four different
             colored amber symbols at the same time. The payout
             level of the amber symbols increases 1, 2 or 3 steps, up
             to a maximum payout level of 7.
             The popcorn symbol places a popcorn in empty grid
             spaces when it is collected by a bird. The birds are
             then able to cross empty spaces one time each to
             reach additional symbols.
Symbol image Function
             An egg symbol collected by a bird hatches a dinosaur
             at the end of the game round, when the birds are
             unable to collect more symbols. The birds are then
             scared away from the game grid, forcing them to
             redrop and land in new places. If any feature symbol
             releases are pending, they will be released just before
             the egg hatches.
             A "red button" symbol collected by a bird triggers a
             meteor strike at the end of the game round when the
             birds are unable to collect more symbols. It removes
             the birds from the grid, and also removes all amber
             symbols in close proximity of it, resulting in a redrop to
             fill empty symbol places. The explosion also expands
             the game grid, up to a maximum 8 rows by 8 columns.
             If any feature symbol releases are pending, they will be
             released just before the meteor strike.
             A coin symbol collected by a bird pays its value times
             the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin
             immediately pays the remaining amount required to
             reach the maximum win.
Game features




Bonus game
Three bonus symbols collected by the birds during a game round trigger the
free drops bonus game. The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection
meter, the collection of additional bonus symbols and the payout level of the
amber symbols are all persistent during the bonus game.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Pirots 2 is a 6 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols. The game
  can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns.
  All drops in normal mode start with amber symbols on payout level 1 and
  with a grid size of 6 rows and 6 columns.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, and the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  Spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  Paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  Pirots 2 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free
  drops.
  Pirots 2 has four collecting bird symbols that can move around the game
  grid. Each bird is paired with an amber symbol of the same color as the
  bird.
  The birds can collect the amber symbols of the same color as the bird
  and all feature symbols.
Paying symbols consist of amber symbols of the same color as the
moving bird, coins and wild symbols.
Wins are generated by a bird moving and collecting orthogonally
adjacent paying symbols.
The birds collect symbols by moving to horizontally or vertically adjacent
collectable symbols.
Amber symbols can be individually upgraded to higher payout levels, up
to a maximum payout level of 7.
If there are more collectable symbols, the birds will keep collecting until
they can't collect more symbols. This means that a bird can move several
times prior to a symbol refill.
A bird that collects a feature symbol triggers that symbol's feature.
The order of movement of the birds depends on the current payout of
the amber symbols. The birds move in descending order of symbol
payout.
Above the game grid there is a symbol collection meter. The meter
keeps track of the collected symbols. Only amber symbols and wild
symbols count. The symbol collection meter continues to count collected
symbols until the birds can't collect more symbols.
When the symbol collection meter is full, one pending feature symbol
release is added.
Up to three feature symbol releases can be stacked simultaneously. All
stacked feature symbol releases are awarded simultaneously.
A feature symbol release is awarded just before an egg symbol hatches,
before the meteor strikes, as a part of the first free drop in the bonus
game, or when the birds can't collect any more symbols.
A feature symbol release converts a number of random amber symbols
into random feature symbols.
There are eight different types of feature symbols in Pirots 2; bonus
symbols, wild symbols, coins, upgrade symbols, egg symbols, transform
symbols, popcorn symbol, and the "red button".
The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the birds collect three
bonus symbols during an active game round.
The free drops bonus game starts on the current active number of rows
and columns. The current progress on the symbol collection meter is
brought into the bonus game. If there are pending feature symbol
releases at the start of the bonus game, they will be released as a part of
the first free drop.
A collected upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of amber symbols
of the same color as the bird that collected the upgrade symbol. The
payout level of the amber symbols increases by 1-3 steps, up to a
maximum payout level of 7.
A collected upgrade all symbol upgrades all four amber symbols
simultaneously. The payout level of the amber symbols increases 1-3
steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
An egg symbol collected by a bird hatches a dinosaur at the end of the
game round, when the birds are unable to collect more symbols. The
birds are then scared away from the game grid, forcing them to redrop
and land in new places. If a feature symbol release is pending, it will be
released just before the egg hatches.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of amber symbols next
to the bird into the same color as the bird that collected the transform
symbol. It may also convert a random number of amber symbols into
feature symbols.
The popcorn symbol places a popcorn in empty grid spaces when it is
collected by a bird. The birds are then able to cross empty spaces one
time each to reach additional symbols.
A "red button" or meteor symbol collected by a bird triggers a meteor
strike at the end of the game round when the birds are unable to collect
more symbols. It removes the birds from the grid, and also removes all
symbols, except feature symbols, in close proximity of it, resulting in a
redrop to fill empty symbol places. The meteor strike also expands the
game grid, up to a maximum 8 rows by 8 columns. If there is a pending
feature symbol release, it will be released just before the meteor strike.
A collected egg performs its action first in case there are both a collected
egg and a collected "red button" in view.
The wild symbol substitutes for any amber symbol at their current
respective payout level.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level.
The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to
reach the maximum win.
Adjacent birds may perform a "Switcheroo" where they switch places
horizontally or vertically when they can't collect more symbols. It may
only happen if new clusters of symbols can be unlocked.
If three or more birds end up horizontally or vertically next to each other,
they will start a fight. The fight will take place over a random area on the
game grid. Bonus symbols, coins, eggs and "red button" symbols along
the fight cloud's path will be automatically collected, while amber
symbols are removed. The birds are redropped once the fight is over,
and a symbol refill occurs to fill empty symbol places.
Bonus mode with free drops is triggered if the birds collect three bonus
symbols during normal mode. 5 free drops are awarded.
The free drops bonus game starts on the current active number of rows
and columns.
The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection meter, the payout
level of the amber symbols, and the collection of additional bonus
symbols are all persistent during the bonus game.
Three bonus symbols collected by the birds during bonus mode award
additional free drops.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when
  the win cap has been reached.
  Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
  No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
  A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
  the wins collected so far will be paid out.
  The theoretical payout (RTP) in Pirots 2 is 94.0%.
  The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet.
  In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.


X-iter
X-iter button clarification
Button         Name

                BONUS HUNT!


                POPCORN FIESTA!


                MAXIMUM GRID
                SIZE!


                BONUS!


                SUPER BONUS!
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.

SUPER BONUS:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game. All free drops
are played with the maximum grid size, and all upgrade symbols upgrade all
amber symbols at the cost of 500x the selected bet.

BONUS:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of 100x
the selected bet.

MAXIMUM GRID SIZE:
One drop that is played with the maximum grid size at the cost of 25x the
selected bet.

POPCORN FIESTA:
One drop with the popcorn feature activated from start at the cost of 10x the
selected bet.

BONUS HUNT:
One drop with QUADRUPLE the chance to trigger the bonus game at the
cost of 3x the selected bet.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.60, and the maximum cost is € 50,000.00.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Pirots 2 is 94.0%.

All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
