Gritty Kitty
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function           Value
Name in English    Gritty Kitty
ELK Game id        10208
Product category   Casino
Game type          Slot
Client             HTML5
Theoretical RTP    94.0%
Lines              Up to 262144 ways to win
Jackpot            No
Reels              6 reels
                   4 rows expanding up to 8
Rows
                   rows
Hit frequency      25.0%
Min bet            € 0.20
Max bet            € 100.00
Max exposure       25 000x max bet
Max win single
                   25 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win        € 2,500,000.00
Game description

Gritty Kitty is a 6 reels and 4 rows slot with spinning reels and dropping
symbols. The reels can be expanded up to 8 rows. Gritty Kitty comes with
Nitro Reels, big symbols, two bonus games and a charged Feature Reel. The
Feature Reel is up to 3 rows to provide even more features and big symbols.

The free spin bonus game is triggered by landing 3 or more Bonus symbols.

Assassin spins is a coin game that is triggered by the 6x3 Assassin symbol
covering the Feature Reel.
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when
playing in portrait mode.




Paylines
Gritty Kitty starts with 4096 ways to win and when full grid is unlocked, there
are 262144 ways to win. The RTP is the same throughout the game and the
RTP is defined in the game rules
Special symbols
Symbol image Function
                The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol
                except the bonus symbols. A winning combination of
                only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.



                Nitro Reels cover two symbol positions and contain 4,
                6, 8, 10 or 12 1x1 payout symbols.



                The TNT symbol explodes all payout symbols on the
                adjacent reels.

                3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the bonus game. All
                Nitro Reels are sticky during the free spins. Free spins
                can be retriggered.

                When fully visible in the Feature Reel, the 6x3 Assassin
                symbol activates the Assassin spins. Coin symbols are
                collected and paid out at the end of the Assassin spins.


Game features
Bonus game
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the free spin bonus game. Player gets up to
14 free spins. Nitro Reels are persistent over the free spins for even greater
win chances.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Gritty Kitty is a 6 reels and 4 rows slot with spinning reels and dropping
  symbols, expanding reels up to 8 rows, a charged feature Feature Reel
  and up to 262144 ways to win.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on
  consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the
  longest payline per active payline is paid out. Coin symbols pays out
  together with other symbol wins.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  Spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  Paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  The game is played in three modes; normal mode, bonus mode with free
  spins and a coin bonus mode with free spins.
  The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning
  combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
  The Feature Reel on the top of the main grid is comprised of 3 rows and
6 reels with feature symbols, empty symbols and empty cells. Feature
symbols become active when dropped into the main grid.
A game round starts in Normal mode with new symbols spinning in the
main grid and sliding in from the right in the Feature Reel.
Each winning combination in the main grid is paid out and the symbols,
except Nitro Reels, are removed from the grid. Gravity applies. Each
column included in a win expands with 1 row. Symbols in the Feature
Reel above empty cells drop down into the main grid followed by new
symbols refilling the main grid. The Feature Reel is refilled from the right,
pushing all symbols to the left. Any new winning combinations repeats
the cycle.
A Nitro Reel always covers two symbol positions and contains 4, 6, 8, 10
or 12 identical 1x1 payout symbols. A big Nitro Reel always covers six
symbol positions and contains 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 identical 2x2 payout
symbols.
The Nitro upgrade feature upgrades the number of symbols in the Nitro
Reels. The Nitro upgrade feature affects Nitro Reels on the same and
adjacent reels. In case there are no Nitro Reels currently in view, the
feature will be kept pending until either a Nitro Reel appears or the game
round ends.
The Nitro Match feature replaces all symbols in the Nitro Reels to a
matching payout symbol, selected at random. The Nitro match feature
affects Nitro reels on the same and adjacent reels as the Nitro Match
symbol. In case there are no Nitro Reels currently in view, the feature will
be kept pending until either a Nitro Reel appears or the game round
ends.
The Nitro Wild feature replaces all symbols in the Nitro Reels with Wild
symbols. The Nitro Wild feature affects Nitro Reels on the same and on
adjacent reels as the Nitro Wild symbol. In case there are no Nitro Reels
currently in view, the feature be will be kept pending until either a Nitro
Reel appears or the game round ends.
The TNT symbol removes all payout symbols on the same and adjacent
reels. The TNT symbol activates when no more wining combination
appears.
The Max Rows feature can activate during spin and expand up to 6 reels
to the maximum 8 rows.
Payout symbols and Wild symbols can appear as big symbols in size 2x2
and 3x3.
Big symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 symbols they cover. I.e. a
2x2 big symbol is 4 regular symbols and a 3x3 big symbol is 9 regular
symbols.
If big symbols cannot completely drop down from the feature reel, they
will either crush 1x1 symbols in the main grid to fit or split up into 1x1
symbols in the feature reel and partially drop down.
If a big symbol ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill the
empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big
symbol.
The instant Coin win triggers when a Coin symbol covers the entire
Feature Reel (6x3).
The instant Coin symbol can have a value of 5, 10, 25, 50, 100, 250, 500,
1000, 2500 or 5000.
A MAX WIN symbol covering the entire Feature Reel (6x3) instantly pays
the remaining amount to reach the maximum win.
The Assassin Spins trigger when the Assassin symbol covers the entire
Feature Reel (6x3).The Assassin Spins are played with only coin symbols,
Nitro Reels, TNT symbols and blockers.
The coins in Assassin spins can be silver plated (value 1, 2, 3 or 5) or gold
plated (value 10, 25, 50, 100, 250, 500, 1000, 2500 or 5000).
3 Assassin Spins are awarded. Landing one or more coin symbols or
Nitro Reel during the Assassin Spins resets the spin counter to 3.
All coins are persistent during the Assassin Spins. The total value of all
collected coins on the game grid times the selected bet level is paid out
when the Assassin Spins end.
The Golden collector symbol collects the value from all coins currently on
the game grid.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the free spin bonus game. All Nitro
Reels are sticky during the free spins.
3 bonus symbols: 8 free spins
4 bonus symbols: 10 free spins
5 bonus symbols: 12 free spins
6 bonus symbols: 14 free spins
Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode retrigger additional
free spins. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same
way as when initially triggering the bonus game.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 25 000x the placed
bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is 94.0%.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
X-iter




X-iter button clarification
Button         Name
                BONUS HUNT

                BIG BLOCKS

                NITROFEST

                BONUS

                ASSASSIN
                SPINS
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.

SUPER ASSASSIN SPINS:
Buy a game round triggering Assassin Spins with max rows. Cost is 500x the
selected bet.

BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is 100x the selected bet.

: NITROFEST:
Buy a game round with a guaranteed Nitro Reel in the main grid and Feature
Reel. Cost is 25x the selected bet.

BIG BLOCKS:
Buy a game round with a guaranteed big symbol in the main grid and in the
Feature Reel. Cost is 10x the bet.

BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus
game. Cost is 3x the selected bet.

An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter
mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin
button.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are 94.0%.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.60, the maximum X-iter cost is € 50,000.00.

All game rules apply in X-iter mode.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
