Key features
Name in English Dirty Dawgs of Nitropolis
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 20 paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Big. Bad. Brutal. Meet the Dirty Dawgs clan of Nitropolis. After years of living as outcasts in the wild outside of the city, the Dirty Dawgs are back and aiming to reclaim what is theirs. The guardian Dobermans repopulate Nitropolis and work together with the other clans to defeat the Nitro Wolf and bring havoc where they go. 

Dirty Dawgs is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 20 paylines. Central game features are the Nitro Wild Reels which can be upgraded and expanded to cover an entire column, the Nitro Feature Box which generates random features, and the Free Spins Bonus Game.

Three or more bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spin Bonus Game. Nitro Wild Reels are sticky during the bonus game. Six bonus symbols trigger the Super Bonus Game.
Dirty Dawgs has 20 paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spins Bonus Game. Nitro Wild Reels are sticky during the bonus game. Six bonus symbols trigger the Super Bonus Game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Nitro Wild Reels are two or more stacked wild symbols in a 1x2 up to 1x4 size symbol. One Nitro Wild Reel can land on each column and they can be expanded, upgraded and turned into spinning coin reels by a Nitro Feature Box.
The Nitro Feature Box trigger one or more random features. It can trigger a Respin, the Nitro Expand feature, the Nitro Raffle feature or the Wild feature where the Nitro Feature Box turns into a wild symbol.
Three or more bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spins Bonus Game. During free spins, Nitro Wild Reels are sticky. Landing more than three bonus symbols adds a Nitro Wild Reel for each bonus symbol beyond the three required to trigger the bonus game. Landing six bonus symbols trigger the Super Bonus game with three Nitro Wild Reels from the beginning of the bonus game.

Game rules
Dirty Dawgs is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 20 paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Dirty Dawgs is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus and Nitro Feature Box symbol. A payline of only wild symbols pay as the highest value symbol.
A Nitro Wild Reel covers two to four vertical positions and contains a stack of wild symbols. The level indicator on the Nitro Wild Reel indicates the size of the wild stack.
Nitro Wild Reels can be randomly upgraded to a higher level increasing the size of the contained wild stack.
Nitro Wild Reels can expand from 1x2 to 1x3 and up to 1x4. The fully expanded Nitro Wild Reel of 1x4 covers the entire column.
Only one Nitro Wild Reel can land per column.
The Nitro Feature Box is a feature symbol that triggers a random feature when it lands. It might trigger additional features within a spin.
The Nitro Feature Box can trigger Respin, wild, Nitro Expand and Nitro Raffle.
The Nitro Feature Box Respin feature awards a respin where Nitro Wild Reels, Nitro Feature Boxes and bonus symbols all remain sticky.
The Nitro Feature Box wild feature converts the Nitro Feature Box into a wild symbol.
The Nitro Feature Box Nitro Expand feature will expand the size of a Nitro Wild Reel.
The Nitro Feature Box Nitro Raffle feature converts all Nitro Wild Reels in view into a number of small 1x1 spinning coin reels. The levels of the Nitro Wild Reels are temporarily inactivated during the feature. The coin reels are sparse and any landed coins award their coin value times the current bet level.
The Nitro Raffle feature starts after potential respins have been played.
Only one Max Win coin can land during a Nitro Raffle feature.
The Dirty Wilds feature can be triggered randomly at any time in normal mode. It lands a random number of fully expanded Nitro Wild Reels on the game grid before the rest of the reels stop.
Three or more bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spin Bonus Game.
Landing more than three bonus symbols award a boosted Bonus Game start with up to three sticky Nitro Wild Reel from the start. Six bonus symbols trigger the Super Bonus Game
The bonus game starts once any respins and Nitro Raffle features have been played through. No Nitro Wild Reels from the base game are brought into the bonus game.
Six Nitro Wild Reels in bonus mode retrigger the bonus game and award additional free spins. The bonus game can only be retriggered once.
Nitro Wild Reels are sticky in bonus mode.
The bonus game ends when no spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Dirty Dawgs is __RTP__
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2023-12-14

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
One spin with guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus with three persistent Nitro Wild Reels at level 3 or higher from the start at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Game:
One spin with guaranteed entry to the Bonus Game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Dirty Wilds:
One spin with guaranteed trigger of the Dirty Wilds feature at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Three Nitro Wild Reels:
One spin with three guaranteed Nitro Wild Reels and where three or more Bonus symbols will trigger the Super Bonus at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
More than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the Bonus Game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Dirty Dawgs is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-12-14
Big. Bad. Brutal. Meet the Dirty Dawgs clan of Nitropolis.
Each additional bonus symbol awards a Nitro Wild Reel, and six bonus symbols trigger the Super Bonus.
Landing a Nitro Wild Reel on each of the six reels in Bonus awards 5 additional Free Spins.
The Nitro Feature Box awards random features.
Bonus symbols, Nitro Wild Reels and Nitro Feature Boxes are all sticky during respins.
All Nitro Wild Reels switch state to spinning coin reels. Any coin landed pay the value times the current bet level.
Nitro Wild Reels cover two to four vertical symbol positions and contain a stack of wild symbols.
Nitro Wild Reels can be expanded and upgraded.
The Dirty Wilds feature may be triggered at any time in the base game.
A random number of fully expanded Nitro Wild Reels land on the game grid.