Key features
Name in English Buggin
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster areas of 5 symbols or more
Jackpot No
Reels 7 columns
Rows 7 rows

Game description
Buggin is a slot with 7 columns, 7 rows, dropping symbols, cluster wins, multiplying Wilds and Wild features collected by progress.
Wins are paid for any cluster of at least 5 matching symbols.
The bonus game is triggered by 3 bonus symbols awarding 7 free drops. Bonus game can retrigger.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The regular Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol.
The Make Big Wild turns a random paying symbol to 2x2 or 3x3 in size.
The Multiplying Wild adds multipliers to all regular Wild symbols not part of a win.
The Random Wild places a regular Wild symbol in at least 2 cells in the grid, replacing any existing symbols.
The Removing Wild removes all instances of the lowest value symbol from the game grid.
The Upgrading Wild upgrades all instances of the lowest value symbol to the nearest higher value symbol.
3 Bonus symbols trigger, or retrigger, the bonus game.
A Super bonus symbol (in group with bonus symbols) trigger, or retrigger, the super bonus game.

Game rules
Buggin is a slot with 7 columns, 7 rows, dropping symbols, cluster wins and collected Feature Wilds.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins are paid for any cluster of 5 or more identical symbols connected vertically or horizontally.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol.
The Wild symbols can have multipliers that multiply its win. Multiple Wild multipliers in a win will be added together.
The multiplying Wild symbol can have a multiplier value of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 10.
Any paying symbol can appear as big symbols in size of 2x2 and 3x3 cells.
Big symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 symbols they cover. I.e. a 2x2 big symbol is 4 regular symbols and a 3x3 big symbol is 9 regular symbols.
A game round begins with a progress meter reset, Wild Inventory emptied, a Wild Redrop target randomized indicated with a lock, and new symbols dropping into the 7x7 grid of symbols.
Symbols drop down into the game grid, winning clusters are paid, winning symbols are exploded and the progress meter is advanced. Wild symbols in a winning cluster will not be removed but merge into one Wild symbol with a multiplier value that is the sum of the multiplier values of all the merged Wild symbols. If there were no Wild symbols in the cluster win, a Wild symbol with the default multiplier value of x1 will be spawned.
A Wild symbol can be part of several win clusters and thus add to several Wild mergers.
Symbols above empty cells will drop down and new symbols will drop into the grid and a new win evaluation occurs. This will continue until there are no more wins, at which point any collected Feature Wild symbols in the Wild Inventory will be released.
When the progress meter is full, a random Feature Wild is collected to the leftmost empty slot in the Wild Inventory and the meter is reset.
When there are no more wins, each collected Feature Wild symbol in the Wild Inventory will be released and distributed to 1 or more cells in the grid.
A Feature Wild symbol part of a winning cluster will be activated and to perform its function and remain a regular Wild symbol.
Feature Wild: Make Big
  Make Big Wild selects a cell with a paying symbol and makes the symbol bigger from 1x1 to 2x2 or from 2x2 to 3x3. Any covered symbols will be removed.
Feature Wild: Multiplying
  Multiplying Wild adds its multiplier value to all regular Wild symbols not part of a win.
Feature Wild: Random
  Random Wild spreads a regular Wild symbol to at least 2 cells in the grid and replaces any existing symbols.
Feature Wild: Removing
  Removing Wild removes all instances of the lowest value symbol from the game grid.
Feature Wild: Upgrading
  Upgrading Wild upgrades all instances of the lowest value symbol to the nearest higher value symbol.
For each drop, there is a Wild Redrop target displayed with a lock on one of the Feature Wild slots in the Wild Inventory.
Collecting Feature Wilds up to this lock awards a Wild Redrop with this amount of Feature Wilds. Collecting additional Feature Wilds adds to the number of Feature Wilds in the Wild Redrop.
The Wild Redrop runs when no more wins occur. Regular Wild symbols remain sticky and the collected Feature Wilds will be prefilled and released.
Wild Redrops can retrigger and are not available in the super bonus game.
3 bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 7 free drops.
Regular Wild symbols remain sticky into the bonus game and between free drops in the bonus game.
3 bonus symbols, where at least 1 is a super bonus symbol, trigger the super bonus game with 7 free drops.
At the start of the super bonus game, all Feature Wild slots in the Wild Inventory are locked. They are unlocked when collected for the first time. The following free drops start with a prefill and release of the number of unlocked Feature Wilds.
3 bonus symbols during a bonus game or super bonus game, will retrigger the same with 3 additional free drops. If at least 1 is a super bonus symbol, the bonus game will be upgraded to a super bonus game.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-06-10

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:                                 
Buy a game round triggering the super bonus game. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS:                                       
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
4 FEATURE WILDS:                             
Game rounds start with 4 Feature Wilds prefilled and released. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
2 FEATURE WILDS:                              
Game rounds start with 2 Feature Wilds prefilled and released. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS HUNT:                                  
Buy a game round with a higher chance to trigger a bonus. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-01-09