Valhall Gold
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function           Value
Name in English    Valhall Gold
ELK Game id        10201
Product category   Casino
Game type          Slot
Client             HTML5
Theoretical RTP    94.0%
                   4,096 ways to win expanding up to 531,441 ways to
Lines
                   win
Jackpot            No
Reels              6 reels
Rows               4 rows
Hit frequency      21.0%
Min bet            € 0.20
Max bet            € 100.00
Max exposure       25 000x max bet
Max win single
                   25 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win        € 2,500,000.00
Game description

Do not miss the final chapter of the Gold Series!

In Valhall Gold players will join Kane Steele on his final adventure as he sets
out to discover the ultimate treasure - a prize so valuable that it has remained
hidden for a millennium -
The gold of Valhalla. In order to reach this most valued treasure, in order to
enter Valhalla and feast at the table of the norse gods, our hero is forced to
pay the ultimate price - Kane must sacrifice his life.

Valhall Gold is a 6 column, 4 row slot with dropping symbols. Symbol wins
trigger the avalanche feature that expands the reels upwards up to the
maximum 9 rows.

Paying symbols may have a spiked frame on them. Spike symbols replicate
in the direction of the spikes when the symbol is part of a win. Spike
replications can cause chain reactions.

Odin’s Ravens drop in as blockers, but turn wild when at least two are
present.

A Loki symbol drops in as a blocker but provides multifarious features to
each successive win evaluation. The Loki features include a multiplier,
activation of both ways evaluation, adding spike frames to existing symbols,
and upgrading of existing symbols.

The Thor wild symbol drops in as a 2x2 wild, and is sticky for the remainder
of the current drop.

The bonus game introduces Loki’s inventory, where subsequent Loki
features are saved for future activations without Loki needing to be present -
elevating each remaining free drop.
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing.
Paylines
Valhall Gold starts with 4,096 ways to win but may expand up to 531,441
ways to win. The RTP for all ways is the same and is defined in the game
rules.
Special symbols
Symbol image Function
             The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the
             bonus, Loki, inactive Odin’s Raven and Thor wild
             symbols.

             Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free drops
             bonus game. Free drops can be retriggered.


             Spike symbols are regular paying and wild symbols of
             any size with a spiked frame. Spike symbols replicate
             in the direction of the spikes if the symbol is part of a
             win.


             Loki is a 2x2 blocker symbol that provides different
             features for each win evaluation.

             The Thor wild is a 2x2 wild symbol that is sticky during
             a single drop.


             The Odin’s Raven symbols are 1x2 big blockers. They
             activate and turn to wild when there are two or more
             simultaneously in view.


             Loki’s inventory saves Loki features on their
             subsequent activation. Saved features are reactivated
             throughout the remainder of the bonus game. Loki
             multipliers are additive.
Game features
Bonus game
A combination of three or more bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the
bonus mode with free drops.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Valhall Gold is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns
  can expand upwards to a maximum of 9 rows.
  Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to
  a maximum of 9 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number
  of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
  4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
  5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
  6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
  7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
  8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
  9 rows: 531,441 ways to win
  All drops in normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, and the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on
  consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the
  longest payline per active payline is paid out.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Valhall Gold is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with
free drops.
All low, mid and high value symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1,
Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as
consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 1 Super
2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
All normal wild symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, 2x2, 3x3, 4x4.
Odin’s Ravens symbols are of size 1x2 and drop in as blockers. They
activate and turn to wild when there are two or more simultaneously in
view. An active Odin’s Raven symbol pays as a regular 1x1 wild symbol.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized
symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal
resting state. Empty spaces under the Thor wild and Loki symbols are
filled with 1x1 regular wild symbols.
All symbols that extend beyond the current achieved amount of rows
award a refill up to the highest row reached via symbol extension.
Further refills continue from this new achieved amount of rows up to a
maximum of nine rows. The ninth row can only be reached with a large
symbol extending to the top row.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, Loki,
inactive Odin’s Ravens and Thor wild symbols. A payline of all wilds pays
as the highest value symbol.
Spike symbols are regular paying and wild symbols with a spike frame.
- Spikes may point out from symbol edges towards the centre of a
column or row.
- Spikes may point out from symbol corners towards the centre of a
diagonally adjacent 1x1 symbol or into a big symbol.
Win combinations with spike symbols may intersect multiple times
resulting in additional evaluations, each time draining the winning
symbols of their symbol value, except for wilds. The spike frames remain
on the drained symbols.
Spike replications passing through a big symbol may create a spike
replication line that is offset to adapt to the sides and edges of the big
symbol.
Spike replications may pass through Loki, Thor and Odin’s Ravens
symbols but those symbols will not turn into the spike symbol.
Loki is a blocker symbol of size 2x2 that provides different features for
each win evaluation. There needs to be a win to activate Loki, but then
he will be activated for the rest of the round. Loki performs his feature
prior to the win evaluation.

There are 4 different Loki features; Multiplier, Both Ways, Spike Storm
and Axe Fury.

Loki Multiplier: For the current win evaluation a multiplier of x2, x3, x5 or
x10 is applied to the base win. Loki’s multiplier is additive to any saved
multiplier during the bonus game.
Loki Both Ways: Activates a win evaluation from both left and right.
Loki Spike Storm: Adds a random number of spike frames on existing
symbols in view which turn them into spike symbols.
Loki Axe Fury: Upgrades a random number of symbols in view to the
same symbol.
The Thor wild is a 2x2 wild symbol that is sticky during a single drop.
A win with a Loki feature in the bonus game activates the feature’s slot in
Loki’s inventory. The next win with the same Loki feature will save the
feature in Loki’s inventory, and the feature becomes sticky for the
remaining free drops. Saved Loki multipliers are additive.
When Loki’s inventory saves a Loki multiplier, all future wins are
multiplied by the saved multiplier.
Loki may award additional multipliers after the first multiplier has been
saved. Wins subject to both the saved multiplier in Loki’s inventory and a
new Loki multiplier are multiplied by their additive sum.

Each subsequent Loki multiplier will be added to the saved multiplier in
Loki’s inventory once the Loki multiplier slot is activated.

The Both Ways feature remains active for the remainder of the bonus
game once it has been saved in Loki’s inventory. This allows for right to
left connections in all future win evaluations.

Loki will no longer award the Loki Both Ways feature once it has been
saved.

Each remaining free drop has a Spike Storm activation after the initial set
of symbols have dropped, once the Spike Storm feature has been saved
in Loki’s inventory. The Spike Storm feature can only be saved once in
Loki’s inventory.

Loki may award additional Loki Spike Storm features also after the Spike
Storm feature has been saved in Loki’s inventory.

Each remaining free drop has an Axe Fury activation after the initial set of
symbols have dropped in, once the Axe Fury feature has been saved in
Loki’s inventory. The Axe Fury feature can only be saved once in Loki’s
inventory.

Loki may award additional Loki Axe Fury features also after the Axe Fury
feature has been saved in Loki’s inventory.

A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode
triggers the bonus mode with free drops.
3 bonus symbols: 10 free drops
4 bonus symbols: 15 free drops
5 bonus symbols: 20 free drops
6 bonus symbols: 25 free drops
The free drops bonus game always starts with the safety level being set
to 5 rows after the first winning free drop.

Every winning free drop advances the safety level one row to a maximum
of 8 rows.

The ninth row is only opened up from a large symbol extending into it, in
which case the remainder of the free drop is played at 9 rows.

Safety level activation and row increments are applied between free
drops.

Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode retrigger additional
free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the
same way as when the bonus game was initially triggered.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when
the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Valhall Gold is 94.0%.
The game will be capped at 25 000x the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
X-iter




X-iter button clarification
Button         Name
                Bonus hunt

                Big Block

                Trickster Loki

                Bonus

                Super Bonus
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.

Super Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to a super bonus game
with at least 10 free drops, and Loki’s inventory fully active at the cost of
500x the selected bet.

Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of
100x the selected bet.

Trickster Loki: One drop with a guaranteed Loki symbol at the cost of 25x the
selected bet.

Big Block: One drop with a guaranteed big symbol at the cost of 5x the
selected bet.

Bonus Hunt: One drop with more than double the chance to trigger the
bonus game at the cost of 2x the selected bet.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.40, and the maximum cost is € 50,000.00.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Valhall Gold is
94.0%.

All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
