Key features
Name in English Rogue Rats
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster wins
Jackpot No
Reels 7 columns
Rows 7 rows

Game description
The group hatches a plan to take back Nitropolis. Mad Rat Tommy is sent to scout out the patrol routes of the Nitro Wolf Police division on the desert outskirts of the city limits, and pick up scrap parts to be used in the creation of a war machine for the oncoming assault.

Rogue Rats is a 7 row by 7 column cluster game that may expand to show an additional part of the symbol grid. Expansion occurs either when activating a Turret symbol or by activating a Missile Silo. These features expands the rat’s visible area allowing the rat to discover and collect clusters of payout symbols and feature symbols further away.

Core game features:
The rat drives a vehicle around on the infinite game grid collecting payout symbols and triggering features as long as the fuel gauge is not empty. Each positional movement consumes fuel.

The rat only sees the inner 5x5 grid (the rat's view) while the player also sees symbols on the periphery. What appears in the rat's field of vision determines the direction the rat drives.

Collecting 2 bonus symbols awards the free spins bonus game. Collecting a super bonus symbol and any other bonus or super bonus symbol awards the free spins super bonus game.
Wins are generated by the rat collecting horizontally or vertically adjacent clusters of payout symbols of the same color as its current vehicle, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A combination of two bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free spins.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
There are four types of payout symbols that are color-matched to each type of vehicle the rat can drive. Only payout symbols that have the same color as the vehicle are valid for collection. The payout symbols may be upgraded to higher payout levels.
Grabbing a Nitro Well symbol or Nitro Fuel Depot symbol adds fuel to the Nitro Fuel Gauge.
Grabbing a Nitro Well symbol or Nitro Fuel Depot symbol adds fuel to the Nitro Fuel Gauge.
Et Nitro Blob-symbol opgraderer alle udbetalingssymboler i samme farve som rottens køretøj til det næste, højere gevinstniveau.
The Missile Silo symbol increases the rat’s visible area for a short period of time.
The rat can grab a New Vehicle symbol on the game grid, and then the rat starts collecting payout symbols of the same color as the New Vehicle.
The rat shooting a NPD Radar symbol activates the currently locked Nitro Multiplier and then locks in a new higher multiplier.
Two bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game.
A super bonus symbol in combination with any other bonus symbol triggers the super bonus game.
NPD Cruiser symbols are coins with different values.
NPD Helicopter symbols are 2x2 coins with different values
Police HQ symbols are 3x3 coins with the MAX WIN coin as a special coin symbol being the most valuable.
MAX WIN coin is a special coin symbol awarding the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win when the rat shoots it.
The rat driving onto a Turret symbol allows the rat to reach features further away.

Game rules
Rogue Rats is a 7 row by 7 column cluster game that may expand to show additional parts of the symbol grid.
All spins in normal mode start with all 4 colored payout symbols at payout level 1 and with a game grid size of 7 rows by 7 columns.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Rogue Rats is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
The game is played over a sparsely populated infinitely large game grid.
Wins are generated by the rat moving around on an infinite game grid collecting horizontally or vertically adjacent payout symbol clusters and activating feature symbols.
The rat moves using one of four different colored vehicles, and collects payout symbols of the same color as the vehicle. Only payout symbols of the same color as the active vehicle can be collected. The rat may switch vehicles during a game round, which changes the color of payout symbols that the rat can collect.
The rat only sees the inner 5x5 grid (the rat's view) while the player also sees symbols on the periphery. The area that the rat sees can increase during the game round. What appears in the rat's field of vision determines the direction the rat drives.
A game round starts with a randomly selected vehicle with a certain amount of fuel. Each positional movement consumes fuel, but collecting feature symbols and collecting payout symbols award additional fuel in the Nitro Fuel Gauge.
The game round ends when the Nitro Fuel Gauge is emptied and no immediate collection of feature or payout symbols is possible, and no bonus game is pending.
A cluster of payout symbols matching the color of the rat's current vehicle is collected when the rat is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the cluster.
Clusters of the 4 colored payout symbols may cause the rat to change direction.
The rat scatter collects all feature symbols except the Turret symbol, so they do not affect the direction of the rat's movement. The Turret symbol can cause the rat to change direction as it requires direct contact to be collected.
Clusters of payout symbols that do not match the color of the rat’s vehicle are treated as blockers, and may cause the rat to change direction.
The value of a cluster of payout symbols is determined by the symbol type, current active payout level and the number of symbols in the cluster. The Nitro Multiplier is applied to the total value of the cluster if it is active.
The NPD Radar symbol activates the currently locked multiplier when shot at by the rat. The unlocked multiplier value replaces the active Nitro Multiplier, and then a new higher multiplier value is locked in. The NPD Radar symbol is destroyed in the process.
The Nitro Blob symbol upgrades visible payout symbols to a higher payout level when shot at by the rat. Payout symbols are upgraded to a maximum level of 6, and the upgrade remains throughout the game round. The Nitro Blob symbol is destroyed in the process.
NPD Cruiser, NPD Helicopter and Police HQ symbols award an instant coin win when shot at by the rat. The value of the coin is multiplied by the current active bet value and the Nitro Multiplier if it is active. The symbol is destroyed in the process.
The MAX WIN coin awards the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win when the rat shoots it.
The rat can grab a New Vehicle symbol on the game grid, and then the rat starts collecting payout symbols of the same color as the New Vehicle. The old vehicle is destroyed in the process.
The Nitro Well symbol and Nitro Fuel Depot symbol add additional fuel to the Nitro Fuel Gauge when the rat grabs it. The symbol is destroyed in the process.
The Missile Silo symbol expands the rat’s visible area when shot at by the rat. An activated Missile Silo symbol cannot be reactivated.
The Turret symbol expands the rat’s visible area outwards to discover distant feature symbols when the rat moves onto it. All feature symbols except Nitro Wells and New Vehicles that are within the rat’s visible area are scatter collected. The rat’s visible area is reset to its size before the Turret was activated once the scatter collect is completed. However, the rat may retain knowledge of the location of the closest matching payout symbol cluster revealed during the Turret feature in case there is not already a matching payout symbol cluster within the rat’s visible area. An activated Turret symbol cannot be reactivated.
The Nitro Fuel Gauge shows the current amount of fuel the rat’s vehicle has and how far the rat’s vehicle can move. Filling the Nitro Fuel Gauge completely awards the Nitro Fuel Boost where no fuel is consumed for a short period of time.
The Nitro Multiplier shows the current active multiplier applied to all wins of colored payout symbol clusters. The Nitro Multiplier is empty at the start of a game round, but is replaced each time a NPD Radar symbol is activated by the rat.
The Nitro Multiplier also applies to coin wins generated by NPD Cruiser, NPD Helicopter and Police HQ symbols.
Two bonus symbols trigger bonus mode with free spins. The super bonus game is triggered when at least one of the two bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol. 3 free spins are awarded.
A pending bonus or super bonus game starts when the Nitro Fuel Gauge is emptied and no immediate collection of feature symbols or payout symbol clusters is possible.
The super bonus game awards free spins where each spin starts with a Nitro Fuel Boost.
It is possible to retrigger the bonus game or super bonus game awarding 3 additional free spins.
It is possible to upgrade an ongoing bonus game to a super bonus game.
The payout level of the colored payout symbols and the current active Nitro Multiplier are carried over into the free spins bonus game or super bonus game.
The payout level of the colored payout symbols, the current active Nitro Multiplier and the collection of additional bonus symbols are all persistent during the remaining free spins.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Rogue Rats is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-01-31

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game where each free spin starts with Nitro Fuel Boost at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Road Warrior: One spin with double the amount of starting fuel from the start, paying symbols are removed and coins are more frequent at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Nitro Rally: One spin played with extended visible area for the rat, and with double the amount of starting fuel at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One spin with 1 bonus symbol already collected, and with more than 4 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Rogue Rats is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2024-01-31
The game is played over an infinitely large grid.
Collect payout symbols matching the color of the rat’s vehicle.
Each positional movement consumes fuel. Gain extra fuel by picking up payout symbols or shooting at feature symbols!
Maxing out the Nitro Fuel Gauge awards a temporary boost where fuel is limitless until the next coin pickup!
An active Nitro Multiplier is applied to coins and payout symbols matching the color of the rat’s vehicle. A new higher multiplier value is prepared but locked once a Nitro Multiplier is activated.
Shoot the NPD Radar to activate the locked multiplier!
Shooting a Nitro Blob upgrades visible payout symbols to a higher payout level.
Collect coins by destroying NPD Cruisers and NPD Helicopters. Feeling lucky? You might just find a Police HQ or even the MAX WIN coin!
Grab a New Vehicle to change symbol color to collect.
Refill the fuel tank by grabbing a Nitro Well or raiding a Fuel Depot!
Shooting at the Missile silo launches a missile that increases the rat’s visible area.
Drive onto a Turret to reach features further away!
Collect 2 bonus symbols to trigger the free spins bonus game. 3 Free Spins are awarded.
Two collected bonus symbols of which at least one is a super bonus symbol trigger the super bonus game. 3 Free Spins are awarded where each free spin starts with a Nitro Fuel Boost!