Key features
Name in English Knight Fight
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines The number of possible paylines vary based on the position of the knights.
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6 rows

Game description
In the dawning forest, Captain Aelred beheld the paths leading to the Heraldic Crests, guarded by the Dragon Mother.  
    
    "The Ruby Aegis calls to me," he said, eyes ablaze with purpose, yet wary of the beast that lurked. 
    Gareth, entranced by purple blossoms, longed for the Amethyst Enigma, its allure tempered by the threat of dragonfire. 
    Ewan eyed the verdant depths, his desire for the life-affirming Emerald Bastion shadowed by a hint of trepidation. 
    Callum, stirred by the clear sky, yearned for the profound mysteries of the Sapphire's Deluge, mindful of the dragon’s omnipresent gaze. 

Captain Aelred grips his comrades. Just when he's about to rally their spirits, his too-loose helmet clatters down over his face. "We shall overcome fear and claim our honor!" he declared, his voice muffled by the metal. 
    
    As the knights set forth, Aelred’s plume brushes against a low hanging branch, dislodging a squirrel that scurries down his armor. 
    Gareth, clad in purple, tries to draw his sword to help but instead drops his scabbard, which clatters along the ground. 
    Ewan, in his oversized green helm, turns too quickly to see the commotion. In his haste, he lets loose a bolt that zips through the air and pins a hapless apple to a tree, causing a flock of birds to scatter in alarm. 
    And Callum, brandishing his mace with a bit too much enthusiasm, recoiled in surprise by the flock of birds, his warrior's instinct mistaking their flapping wings for an ambush. He swings his mace around only to lodge it between two branches overhead. Tugging at it with a knightly grunt, he finally set it free, sending a shower of leaves fluttering down upon them like a strange, green rain. 

Gathering themselves with as much dignity as they could muster, the knights exchange determined nods and stride on with the unspoken agreement to never mention the squirrel incident again...

Knight Fight is a 6 row by 6 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 8 columns. Central game features are: The four knights that move around the grid collecting crest symbols and feature symbols, the symbol collection meter that counts the number of symbols collected and adds a pending feature symbol release when the meter is full, and finally the bonus game with free drops.
Wins are generated by the four knights collecting horizontally or vertically adjacent crest symbols, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three bonus symbols collected by the knights during a game round trigger the free drops bonus game. The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection meter, the collection of additional bonus symbols and the payout level of the crest symbols are all persistent during the bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
There are four types of crest symbols, one for each knight. The knights can only collect the crest symbols that have the same color as the knight. The crest symbols can be upgraded to higher payout levels.
The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the knights collect three bonus symbols during a game round. If any feature symbol releases are pending when the bonus game starts, they will be released as a part of the first free drop.
The wild symbol substitutes for any crest symbol at their current respective payout level.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of crest symbols next to the knight into the same color as the knight that collected the symbol. It may also convert a random number of crest symbols into feature symbols.
The upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of crest symbols of the same color as the knight that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the crest symbols increases 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The upgrade all symbol upgrades all four different colored crest symbols at the same time. The payout level of the crest symbols increases 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The Golden Apple Basket symbol places apples in empty grid spaces when it is collected by a knight. The knights are then able to cross empty spaces one time each to reach additional symbols.
A goat symbol collected by a knight turns the goat evil at the end of the game round, when the knights are unable to collect more symbols. The knights are then scared away from the game grid, forcing them to redrop and land in new places. If any feature symbol releases are pending, they will be released just before the goat turns evil.
A Dragon Egg symbol collected by a knight triggers a dragon flame strike at the end of the game round when the knights are unable to collect more symbols. It removes the knights from the grid, and also removes all crest symbols in close proximity of it, resulting in a redrop to fill empty symbol places. The flame also expands the game grid, up to a maximum 8 rows by 8 columns. If any feature symbol releases are pending, they will be released just before the dragon flame strike.
A coin symbol collected by a knight pays its value times the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.

Game rules
Knight Fight is a 6 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns.
All drops in normal mode start with crest symbols on payout level 1 and with a grid size of 6 rows and 6 columns.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Knight Fight is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
Knight Fight has four collecting knight symbols that can move around the game grid. Each knight is paired with an crest symbol of the same color as the knight.
The knights can collect the crest symbols of the same color as the knight and all feature symbols.
Paying symbols consist of crest symbols of the same color as the moving knight, coins and wild symbols.
Wins are generated by a knight moving and collecting orthogonally adjacent paying symbols.
The knights collect symbols by moving to horizontally or vertically adjacent collectable symbols.
Crest symbols can be individually upgraded to higher payout levels, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
If there are more collectable symbols, the knights will keep collecting until they can't collect more symbols. This means that a knight can move several times prior to a symbol refill.
A knight that collects a feature symbol triggers that symbol's feature.
The order of movement of the knights depends on the current payout of the crest symbols. The knights move in descending order of symbol payout.
Above the game grid there is a symbol collection meter. The meter keeps track of the collected symbols. Only crest symbols and wild symbols count. The symbol collection meter continues to count collected symbols until the knights can't collect more symbols.
When the symbol collection meter is full, one pending feature symbol release is added.
Up to three feature symbol releases can be stacked simultaneously. All stacked feature symbol releases are awarded simultaneously.
A feature symbol release is awarded just before a goat turns evil, before the dragon flame strikes, as a part of the first free drop in the bonus game, or when the knights can't collect any more symbols.
A feature symbol release converts a number of random crest symbols into random feature symbols.
There are eight different types of feature symbols in Knight Fight; bonus symbols, wild symbols, coins, upgrade symbols, goat symbols, transform symbols, Golden Apple Basket symbol, and the dragon egg.
The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the knights collect three bonus symbols during an active game round.
The free drops bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and columns. The current progress on the symbol collection meter is brought into the bonus game. If there are pending feature symbol releases at the start of the bonus game, they will be released as a part of the first free drop.
A collected upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of crest symbols of the same color as the knight that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the crest symbols increases by 1-3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
A collected upgrade all symbol upgrades all four crest symbols simultaneously. The payout level of the crest symbols increases 1-3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
A goat symbol collected by a knight turns the goat evil at the end of the game round, when the knights are unable to collect more symbols. The knights are then scared away from the game grid, forcing them to redrop and land in new places. If a feature symbol release is pending, it will be released just before the goat turns evil.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of crest symbols next to the knight into the same color as the knight that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert a random number of crest symbols into feature symbols.
The Golden Apple Basket symbol places Apples in empty grid spaces when it is collected by a knight. The knights are then able to cross empty spaces one time each to reach additional symbols.
A dragon egg or dragon flame symbol collected by a knight triggers a dragon flame strike at the end of the game round when the knights are unable to collect more symbols. It removes the knights from the grid, and also removes all symbols, except feature symbols, in close proximity of it, resulting in a redrop to fill empty symbol places. The dragon flame strike also expands the game grid, up to a maximum 8 rows by 8 columns. If there is a pending feature symbol release, it will be released just before the dragon flame strike.
A collected goat performs its action first in case there are both a collected goat and a collected dragon egg in view.
The wild symbol substitutes for any crest symbol at their current respective payout level.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
Adjacent knights may perform a "Switcheroo" where they switch places horizontally or vertically when they can't collect more symbols. It may only happen if new clusters of symbols can be unlocked.
If three or more knights end up horizontally or vertically next to each other, they will start a fight. The fight will take place over a random area on the game grid. Bonus symbols, coins, goats and dragon egg symbols along the fight cloud's path will be automatically collected, while crest symbols are removed. The knights are redropped once the fight is over, and a symbol refill occurs to fill empty symbol places.
Bonus mode with free drops is triggered if the knights collect three bonus symbols during normal mode. 5 free drops are awarded.
The free drops bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and columns.
The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection meter, the payout level of the crest symbols, and the collection of additional bonus symbols are all persistent during the bonus game.
Three bonus symbols collected by the knights during bonus mode award additional free drops.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Knight Fight is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-12-12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
SUPER BONUS: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game. All free drops are played with the maximum grid size, and all upgrade symbols upgrade all crest symbols at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MAXIMUM GRID SIZE: 
One drop that is played with the maximum grid size at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
GOLDEN APPLE FEAST: 
One drop with the Golden Golden Apple Basket feature activated from start at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT: 
One drop with QUADRUPLE the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Knight Fight is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2024-04-24
Knights move and collect crest symbols of the same color as the knights themselves, and all feature symbols.
The four knights collect all feature symbols and crest symbols of the same color as the knights themselves.
The knights can only collect horizontally or vertically adjacent symbols.
The crest symbols can be upgraded to higher payout levels up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The symbol collection meter keeps track of symbols collected by the knights. Only crest symbols and wild symbols count. A full meter adds one pending feature symbol release.
Three bonus symbols collected by the knights during a game round trigger the free drops bonus game.
The Golden Apple Basket symbol fills empty grid spaces with Golden Apples when it is collected by a knight. This allows the knights to cross the empty spaces one time each to reach additional clusters of symbols.
A goat symbol collected by a knight turns the goat evil at the end of the game round. The knights are then scared away from the game grid, forcing them to redrop and land in new places.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of crest symbols next to the knight into the same color as the knight that collected the symbol. It may also convert a random number of crest symbols into feature symbols.
The upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of one of the crest symbols 1-3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The upgrade all symbol upgrades the payout level of all four crest symbols simultaneously by 1-3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
A collected dragon egg triggers a dragon flame strike that explodes symbols and expands the game grid, up to a maximum 8 rows by 8 columns.
The wild symbol substitutes for any crest symbols at their current respective payout level.
Adjacent knights may perform a "Switcheroo" where they switch places. This may happen when the knights can't collect more symbols and if new clusters of symbols can be unlocked.
If three or more knights end up next to each other, they will start a fight. This will remove crest symbols, as well as trigger an automatic collection of bonus, coin, goat and dragon egg symbols.
The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection meter, the collection of additional bonus symbols and the payout level of the crest symbols are all persistent during the bonus game.
A full symbol collection meter adds one pending feature symbol release. Up to three feature symbol releases can be stacked before payout.