Key features
Name in English Squeeze
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster areas of 5 symbols or more
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 7 rows

Game description
Squeeze is a slot with 6 columns, 7 rows, dropping symbols, cluster wins and collectable Features.
Wins are paid for any cluster of at least 5 matching symbols.
The bonus game is triggered by 3 bonus symbols awarding 5 free drops. Bonus game can retrigger.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The regular wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol.
When part of a win, a super charged symbol entirely fills the meter corresponding to the win cluster's color.
3 Bonus symbols trigger, or retrigger, the bonus game.
3 bonus symbols with at least 1 super bonus symbol triggers the super bonus game.

Game rules
Squeeze is a slot with 6 columns, 7 rows, dropping symbols, cluster wins and collectable Features.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins are paid for any cluster of 5 or more identical symbols connected either vertically and/or horizontally.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol.
GENERAL GAMEPLAY: 
A game round starts with new symbols filling the grid, all Feature Meters empty, and the Win Multiplier reset.
PRE-ROUND RANDOM FEATURE: 
At the beginning of a round, one or more Feature Meters may fill, activating Features before wins are evaluated.
WIN EVALUATION: 
Symbols populate the game grid and form winning clusters. Symbols in winning clusters are squeezed, advancing corresponding Feature Meters. After squeezing, winning clusters explode, and wins are awarded.
SQUEEZE MECHANISM: 
When a win cluster forms, symbols begin to squeeze. The Feature Meter corresponding to each win cluster fills by one step, determined by the color of the squeezed symbols. The following colors fills the feature meter of the following features:

Blue symbols - Swap Symbols Meter.
Green symbols - Upgrade Symbols Meter.
Yellow symbols - Make Symbol Big Meter.
Red symbols - Spawn Wilds Meter.

Winning symbols are squeezed by new symbols entering from the left and right sides of the grid. After winning symbols explode, new symbols move into place, and a new win evaluation takes place.
BOUNCE BACK FEATURE: 
When winning clusters squeeze, there is a chance the symbols Bounce Back, increasing the Win Multiplier. After the Bounce Back, the same winning clusters remain on the screen for an additional squeeze. This can repeat.
The Win Multiplier starts at X1 and increases by 1 for each Bounce Back.
FEATURE METERS: 
Each Feature Meter corresponds to a specific feature. Features are activated by filling the meter completely. Feature Meters empty when there are no remaining wins.
TYPES OF FEATURES: 
Feature SWAP - Swaps positions between two chosen symbols. Three swaps occur per filled meter.
Feature UPGRADE - Upgrades all instances of a symbol value to the nearest higher value. If the chosen symbols are of the highest value symbol, they upgrade to wild symbols.
Feature MAKE BIG - Enlarges a paying symbol to a larger symbol of size 3x3 or 4x4 symbols. Big symbols split back into smaller symbols prior to win evaluation. 
Feature SPAWN WILDS - Replaces 2-6 symbols with wild symbols. Wild symbols can appear as a Super Charged Wild Symbol.
SUPER CHARGED SYMBOL: 
When part of a win, a super charged symbol fills the corresponding color's meter.
BONUS GAME: 
Activation - Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 5 free drops. Feature Meters and the Win Multiplier carries over into the bonus game and are persistent during free drops.
SUPER BONUS GAME: 
Three bonus symbols, with at least one being a super bonus symbol, triggers the super bonus game with 5 free drops. Prior to each free drop, one or more Feature Meters are filled. Feature Meters and the Win Multiplier carries over into the bonus game and are persistent during free drops.
RETRIGGER / UPGRADE: 
Landing three bonus symbols during a bonus or super bonus game adds additional free drops. If at least one of the retriggering symbols is a super bonus symbol, the bonus game upgrades to a super bonus game.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.06.10

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:                                 
Buy a game round triggering the super bonus game. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS:                                       
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
2 FEATURE METERS:                             
Game rounds start with 2 or more FEATURE METERS prefilled. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
1 FEATURE METER:                              
Game rounds start with 1 or more FEATURE METERS prefilled. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS HUNT:                                  
Buy a game round with more than 3x the chance to trigger a bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-05-03