Nitropolis 5
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function Value
Name in
            Nitropolis 5
English
ELK Game
            10215
id
Product
            Casino
category
Game type Slot
Client      HTML5
Theoretical
            94.0%
RTP
            Standard 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win and expansions up to
Lines       8 rows with 262,144 ways to win, where features can add
            additional ways.
Jackpot     No
Reels       6 reels
Rows        4 rows
Hit
            18.1%
frequency
Min bet     € 0.20
Max bet     € 50.00
Max
            50 000x max bet
exposure
Max win
            50 000x max bet
single spin
Maximum
            € 2,500,000.00
win
Game description

Nitropolis is rioting! Our favorite recurring gang of mutated house pets return
to face off against the authoritarian force repressing the citizens of Nitropolis
- the Nitropolis P.D. It’s an all out battle on the streets! The gangs have
prepared for war, but Police Sergeant William T Nitro Wolf has done his
homework - this won’t be easy, and collateral is guaranteed.

Nitropolis 5 is a 6 column, 4 row slot with all-ways pays. Avalanches make
the reels expand up to the maximum 8 rows. The game has Nitro Reels, Nitro
Multipliers, big symbols, and a Nitro Booster generating different kinds of
features for both Nitro Reels and the main reels. The Nitro Multiplier
multiplies all wins in view.

The NPD Holding Cell feature is randomly activated and switches up the
game with a special win feature.

The Nitro Booster can award several special features: NPD Police Reports
features in terms of Rogue Rats, Dirty Dawgs, Gritty Kitty and Pug Thugs. It
can also award feature boosts to Nitro Reels such as Nitro Match, Nitro
Upgrade and Nitro Wild. In addition, it can award Respin, Both Ways and Max
Rows features, and finally landing 3 Boss Battle coins awards entry to the
highly potent Boss Battle feature!
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing.
Paylines
Nitropolis 5 has up to 262,144 ways to win but Nitro Reels add additional
ways. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is
defined in the game rules.
Special symbols
Symbol image Function
                The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the
                bonus and super bonus symbols.

                Nitro Reels cover two symbol positions and contain 4,
                6, 8, 10 or 12 1x1 payout symbols.

                Big Nitro Reels cover six symbol positions and contain
                2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 2x2 payout symbols.

                The Nitro Multiplier is a blocker in itself but multiplies
                all wins in view.

                Three or more bonus symbols trigger the Free Spins
                bonus game. All Nitro Reels are sticky during the free
                spins. Free spins can be retriggered.
                A combination of bonus symbols and a super bonus
                symbol triggers the Super Bonus Game which is played
                with Max Rows and Both Ways activated, and NPD
                Holding Cell triggering every free spin.


Game features
Bonus game
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free spins. Free
spins start at 4 rows. Every free spin initiated that results in a win advances
the safety level one row, and every new free spin starts at the current active
safety level.

All Nitro Reels are sticky during the bonus game. Max Row and Both Ways
triggering within the bonus game remain active for the remainder of the
bonus game.

Three bonus symbols of which one is a super bonus symbol trigger the
Super Bonus Game which is played with Max Rows and Both Ways activated,
and NPD Holding Cell triggering every free spin.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Nitropolis 5 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and dropping
  symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
  Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to
  a maximum of 8 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number
  of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases. The number of
  ways to win also increases as the number of Nitro Reels and the quantity
  of symbols inside the Nitro Reels increase. A Nitro Reel may spin or drop
  into the game grid and trigger a row increase in order to accommodate
  its size on its landed position.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, and the maximum bet is € 50.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  Nitropolis 5 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with
  free spins.
  Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left-to-right only on
consecutive reels. In case of Both Ways being active, the wins can also
begin with the rightmost reel and pay right-to-left only on consecutive
reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed.
Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A Nitro Reel covers two symbol positions and contains 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12
identical 1x1 payout symbols. A big Nitro Reel always covers six symbol
positions and contains 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 identical 2x2 payout symbols.
A Nitro Reel can contain a super bonus symbol and is then only counted
as one 1x1 symbol regardless of the size indicator of the Nitro Reel. The
number of ways to win resets to the previous number when the super
bonus symbol spins out.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus and the
super bonus symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value
symbol.
The wild symbol and all low, mid and high value symbols exist in three
sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2 and Mega 3x3. All big symbols are counted
as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. a
Super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols and below big Nitro Reels are
filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol.
A Nitro Multiplier is a blocker that can appear in a Nitro Reel, and holds a
value of x4, x6, x8, x10 or x12. It multiplies all wins in view and is
multiplicative in case there are several Nitro Multipliers in view.
The Nitro Multiplier is only counted as one 1x1 symbol regardless of the
size indicator of the Nitro Reel. The number of ways to win resets to the
previous number when the Nitro Multiplier symbol spins out.
Nitro Reels and Nitro Multipliers that are part of a winning combination
are kept and respin during the symbol refill.
All wins in the current symbol spin/drop except NPD Holding Cell feature
wins are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a
winning combination explode except for the Nitro Reels. The remaining
symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position, an additional row
is added at the top and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The
Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations
appear.
Each additional symbol drop adds an additional row of symbols, up to a
maximum of 8 rows.
The NPD Holding Cell feature triggers randomly during a spin, respin or
free spin. A symbol type is randomly chosen. If the symbols of the chosen
symbol type are part of a win, they are locked-in and kept together with
bonus symbols and Nitro Multipliers during a respin that also expands the
main symbol grid. The cycle continues as long as additional symbols of
the selected type contribute to the NPD Holding Cell winning
combination, or if another NPD Holding Cell feature is triggered.
Thereafter the feature ends and locked-in symbols pay out if they
generate a win, and the game returns to normal.
Nitro Match and the NPD Police Report features Gritty Kitty, Pug Thugs
and Rogue Rats do not affect any symbols or Nitro Reels selected for the
NPD Holding Cell feature. All NPD Holding Cells that do not contribute to
a NPD Holding Cell win are released at the end of a spin or prior to a
respin.
NPD Holding Cell may be triggered multiple times during a game round,
and may also trigger within an ongoing NPD Holding Cell feature,
increasing the amount of symbol types that have a holding cell applied.
The Nitro Booster consists of three flippers which may award features
prior to the main reels stop, after the main reels stop, and after the win
evaluation. There are 11 Nitro Booster features; 6 affect the main reels
and 5 affect the Nitro Reels.
The Nitro Booster features affecting the main reels are Max Rows, Both
Ways, Police Report features - Dirty Dawgs and Gritty Kitty, Respin and
Boss Battle.
The Nitro Booster features affecting the Nitro Reels are Nitro Wild, Nitro
Upgrade, Nitro Match and Police Report features - Rogue Rats and Pug
Thugs.
The Max Rows feature activates when it lands, expanding the reels up to
maximum 8 rows. Only 1 Max Rows feature can be triggered in normal
mode and bonus mode respectively.
The Both Ways feature activates when it lands. All subsequent ways
connections then pay from left to right starting from the leftmost reel, and
from right to left starting from the rightmost reel. The Both Ways feature
then remains active until the bonus mode is triggered or the game round
ends. The Both Ways feature remains active for the remaining free spins
when activated in bonus mode. Only 1 Both Ways feature can be
triggered in normal mode and bonus mode respectively.
The NPD Police Report feature Dirty Dawgs replaces a random number
of high value symbol types with the Dirty Dawgs high value symbol type.
The NPD Police Report feature Gritty Kitty selects a random symbol for
scatter pay evaluation. A scatter pay win may begin on any reel but the
symbol has to appear on 3 different main reels. The scatter pay win is
paid both from left to right and from right to left if the Both Ways feature
is active.
The Respin feature is activated when there are no more wins. Bonus
symbols, wild symbols, Nitro Multiplier and Nitro Reels remain during the
Respin. The Nitro Reels respin and new symbols drop in from above to fill
up the current active number of rows. Only 1 Respin feature can trigger at
a time.
The Boss Battle feature is triggered by 3 Boss Battle coins in the Nitro
Booster, and it activates at the end of the current spin or free spin.
The main reels and Nitro Booster are temporarily replaced by a new grid
of 7x8 positions during the Boss Battle feature. Each position is either
empty or contains a coin value, or MAX WIN. 3 shots are awarded. Each
hit on a coin is collected, the position is emptied and the number of shots
is reset to 3.
The Boss Battle feature ends when no shots remain or the MAX WIN is
awarded. The collected value times the current active bet level is paid
out, the main reels and the Nitro Booster return and the game continues.
The Nitro Wild feature fills all Nitro Reels straight below the Nitro Wild
trigger in the Nitro Booster above with wild symbols. If there are no Nitro
Reels on the relevant main reels, the Nitro Wild trigger is kept pending in
the Nitro Booster until it can be used or the game round ends.
Nitro Reels containing the super bonus symbol or a multiplier are not
affected, and do not activate the feature.
The Nitro Upgrade feature increases the size indicator and amount of
ways of all the Nitro Reels straight below the Nitro Upgrade trigger in the
Nitro Booster. Upgrading Nitro Reels with a multiplier increases the
multiplier value within the Nitro Reel. If there are no Nitro Reels on the
relevant main reels, the Nitro Upgrade trigger is kept pending in the Nitro
Booster until it can be used or the game round ends.
Nitro Reels containing the super bonus symbol are not affected, and do
not activate the feature.
The Nitro Match feature fills all Nitro Reels straight below the Nitro Match
trigger in the Nitro Booster above with a symbol on the same reel as the
Nitro Reel or an adjacent reel to try and create a win. If there are no Nitro
Reels on the relevant main reels, the Nitro Match trigger is kept pending
in the Nitro Booster until it can be used or the game round ends.
Nitro Reels containing the super bonus symbol are not affected, and do
not activate the feature.
The Police Report feature Pug Thugs moves a randomly selected Nitro
Reel to a different position to try and create a win or extend an existing
win. Then gravity is applied and additional symbols drop in to fill the
empty positions.
The NPD Police Report feature Rogue Rats places a random number of
Nitro Reels to the main reels. The Nitro Reels replace the existing
symbols on the selected positions.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode
triggers the bonus mode with free spins. The Super Bonus Game will be
triggered in case at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus
symbol.
3 bonus symbols: 8 free spins
4 bonus symbols: 12 free spins
5 bonus symbols: 16 free spins
6 bonus symbols: 20 free spins
Super bonus symbols can only appear in a Nitro Reel. A super bonus
symbol is only counted as one no matter the Nitro Reel's size indicator.
The number of ways to win resets to the previous number when the
super bonus symbol spins out.
During free spins, all Nitro Reels are kept and remain in play for the
remaining free spins.
The Both Ways and Max Rows features become deactivated in case they
are active when bonus mode is triggered.
The Super Bonus game is played with Max Rows and Both Ways
activated, and NPD Holding Cell triggering every free spin.
The free spins bonus game starts with the safety level set to 4 rows.
Every winning free spin advances the safety level one row. Nitro Reels
and Big Nitro Reels may advance the safety level several rows at once if
they are stacked above the level that a regular win provides.
The advancement of the safety level occurs after a winning free spin. The
next free spin starts from the new safety level. The safety level can at
most advance 4 rows resulting in a total of 8 rows.
Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode award additional free
spins. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same way
as when initially triggering the bonus game. The Super Bonus Game is
triggered in case at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus
symbol.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the
win cap has been reached.
  Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
  No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
  A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
  the wins collected so far will be paid out.
  The theoretical payout (RTP) in Nitropolis 5 is 94.0%.
  The game will be capped at 50 000x the placed bet.
  In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.


X-iter
X-iter button clarification
Button         Name
                Bonus Hunt

                Gang Warfare

                NPD 4EVA

                Bonus

                Super Bonus
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.

Super Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the super bonus game at the cost of 500x
the selected bet. All free spins are played with Max Rows and Both Ways
activated, and NPD Holding Cell triggering every free spin.

Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the bonus game at the cost of 100x the selected
bet.

NPD 4EVA: Guarantees a game round that triggers the NPD Holding Cell
feature at the cost of 25x the selected bet.

Gang Warfare: One spin where the Nitro Booster is full of features at the cost
of 10x the selected bet.

Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than 4 times the chance to trigger the
bonus game at the cost of 3x the selected bet.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.60, and the maximum cost is € 25,000.00.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Nitropolis 5 is
94.0%.

All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
