Tropicool 3
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function           Value
Name in English    Tropicool 3
ELK Game id        10212
Product category   Casino
Game type          Slot
Client             HTML5
Theoretical RTP    94.0%
Lines              46,656 ways to win
Jackpot            No
Reels              6 columns
Rows               6 rows
Hit frequency      28.0%
Min bet            € 0.20
Max bet            € 100.00
Max exposure       25 000x max bet
Max win single
                   25 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win        € 2,500,000.00
Game description

Tropicool is back and with an enhanced set of features, still with the same
characteristic theme and superior COOL Reel mechanics.

Tropicool 3 is a 6 columns by 6 rows slot with dropping symbols, rolling
symbols, all win ways, charged feature COOL Reel and Elmo the sloth that
activates a complete COOL Reel drop. The feature COOL Reel contains of 3
rows to provide more feature symbols. The Locked Wild features remain
together with the Row Swap mechanics and Mystery symbols. The new
Elmo's Revenge feature triggers a complete COOL Reel drop When the Elmo
symbol reaching the leftmost column.

The bonus game is triggered by 3 or more Bonus symbols to run 6 or more
free drops with persistent multiplier.
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when
playing in portrait mode.
Paylines
Tropicool 3 has 46656 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and
the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Special symbols
Symbol image Function
                The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A
                winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the
                highest paying symbol.

                The Locked Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to
                last for 3 wins. It is removed after the last winning.


                3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.


                The Elmo sloth feature symbol trigger a complete drop
                of the COOL Reel when reaching the leftmost column.

                The Row Swap symbol replaces symbols on a line to
                the same symbol.

                The Mystery symbol reveals the symbol at the end of a
                drop.

                The Extra Drops symbol adds more free drops in the
                bonus game.

                The Multiplier Symbol adds multiplier value from x1 up
                to x25 to the global win multiplier when dropped down
                from the COOL Reel.


Game features
Bonus game
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Player gets 6
or more free drops. Locked Wild features and Win Multipliers are persistent
over the free drops for even greater win chances.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Tropicool 3 is a 6 columns and 6 rows slot with dropping symbols and up
  to 46656 connecting paylines.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on
  consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the
  longest payline per active payline is paid out.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  Spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  Paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with
  free drops.
  The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning
  combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
  The COOL Reel on the top of the main grid comprises 3 rows with feature
  symbols, Bonus symbols and empty symbols. Feature symbols become
  active when they drop down into the main grid. Empty symbols are
removed.
A game round starts in Normal mode with new symbols dropping into the
main grid and new feature symbols sliding in from the right in the COOL
reel.
Each winning combination in the main grid is paid and the symbols,
except unspent Locked Wild symbols, are removed from the grid while
the remaining symbols drop vertically with gravity. The symbols from the
first row in the COOL Reel above winning columns drop down into the
main grid and all symbols roll to the left and right repeatedly as far
downwards as possible. Gravity also applies to the COOL Reel and then
it will be refilled from the right, pushing all symbols to the left. Any new
winning combinations are paid and this avalanche repeats until no more
wins. Any Mystery symbols, Row Swap symbols and Bonus triggers will
then be activated in that order.
When the Elmo symbol reaches the left most column, the Elmo's
Revenge feature activates and the complete COOL Reel drops into the
main grid.
A Elmo symbol that ends up on the bottom row in columns 2 to 6 is
removed and dropped down again in the column one step further to the
left, if possible.
The Locked Wild feature symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last for 3
winnings. It is removed after the last win.
Locked Wild symbols remain in the main grid between free drops in the
bonus game.
The Multiplier Symbol adds x1, x2, x3, x5, x10 or x25 to the win multiplier
when dropped down from the COOL Reel.
The win multiplier starts at x1 and multiplies all win combinations.
The Mystery symbols are revealed when there are no more winnings in a
symbol drop. All Mystery symbols will reveal the same paying symbol or
Wild symbol. A new winning combination can occur resuming the
avalanche.
The Row Swap feature symbol replaces all symbols on a line to one and
the same symbol. One of the paying symbols on the line is selected to
replace all other symbols on the same line. The feature is activated at the
end of the avalanche after any winnings and Mystery symbols are
revealed.
Different Row Swap feature symbols on separate rows may replace to
different symbols.
Any additional Row Swap feature symbols on the same line will extend
the symbol replacement to its column.
Any symbol position that would be replaced to different symbols due to
two Row Swap actions, will be replaced to a Wild symbol.
Elmo and Bonus symbols in a Row Swap will be temporarily replaced for
a possible winning combination, and then revert back.
Wild symbols will not be replaced in a Row Swap.
3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the main grid at the
end of a symbol drop in normal mode triggers the free drops bonus
game.
• 3 Bonus symbols: 6 free drops
• 4 Bonus symbols: 9 free drops
• 5 Bonus symbols: 12 free drops
• 6 Bonus symbols: 15 free drops
In the bonus game, the COOL Reel also contains the Extra Drops feature
symbols adding 1, 2 or 3 extra free drops when dropping down from the
COOL reel.
The bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the grid and new
feature symbols in the COOL Reel. The COOL Reel is re-populated with
new feature symbols for every free drop. Locked Wild symbols in the
main grid remain between free drops until fully used.
The Super Bonus game triggers when 3 or more bonus symbols and the
  Elmo symbol are visible in the main grid. One Elmo symbol is always
  visible in the main grid. Elmo symbol are sticky between free drops.
  Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
  The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 25 000x the placed
  bet.
  A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
  the wins collected so far will be paid out.
  No bets can be changed during a game round.
  The game will be capped at 25 000x the placed bet.
  The theoretical payout (RTP) is 94.0%.
  In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.


X-iter
X-iter button clarification
Button         Name
                BONUS HUNT

                LOCKED WILDS

                ELMO'S REVENGE

                BONUS

                SUPER BONUS
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.

SUPER BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game, with a guaranteed Elmo
symbol in view. Cost is 500x the selected bet.

BUY BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is 100x the selected bet.

ELMO'S REVENGE:
Buy a game round with and guaranteed Elmo symbol. Cost is 50x the
selected bet.

LOCKED WILDS:
Buy a game round with 3 Locked Wilds initially dropping into the grid. Cost is
25x the selected bet.

BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus
game. Cost is 3x the selected bet.

An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter
mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin
button.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are 94.0%.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.60, the maximum X-iter cost is € 50,000.00.

All game rules apply in X-iter mode.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
