Key features
Name in English Pug Thugs of NItropolis
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Connecting paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 6 rows

Game description
They might appear weak and stupid, but don't underestimate the Pug Thugs! Cunning and smart, the Pug Thugs secretly pull the strings behind the scenes in the city of Nitropolis. After years of living as outcasts in the wild outside of the city, the Pug Thugs are back in their airship, dominating the skies above the skyline. Exploiting their air supremacy, the Pug Thugs are constantly watching. Constantly searching. They see everything that is going on in the city below. When the Nitro Wolf is up to something, the Pug Thugs are the first to know. And knowledge is power.

Pug Thugs is a 6 column, 6 rows slot with spinning reels and connecting paylines originating from all 4 sides of the game grid. Central game features are the Nitro Reels which can be upgraded, the four Feature Screens that trigger features randomly, the Nitro Insane feature and the Free Spins Bonus Game.

Three or more bonus symbols anywhere on the game grid trigger the Bonus Game. If at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol, the super bonus game is triggered.
Pug Thugs has connecting paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more bonus symbols anywhere on the game grid trigger the Free Spins Bonus Game. If at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol, the super bonus game is triggered. More than three bonus symbols award additional free spins.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Nitro Reels are two or more stacked symbols inside one symbol. A Nitro Reel can spawn inside the central 4 x 4 area of the grid either by two or more crossing win lines, by a random Nitro Reel spawn, or by the Nitro Insane feature.
Three or more bonus symbols anywhere on the game grid trigger the Free Spins Bonus Game. If at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol, the super bonus game is triggered. More than three bonus symbols award more free spins.
If at least one of the bonus symbols triggering the bonus game is a super bonus symbol, the super bonus game is triggered.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol, the super bonus symbol, and the coin symbols. A payline of only wild symbols pays as the highest value symbol.
Coin symbols contribute with their value times the current bet level when collected. If a coin symbol appears inside a Nitro Reel, the value is multiplied by the Nitro Reel's size indicator.

Game rules
Pug Thugs is a 6 column, 6 rows slot with spinning reels and connecting paylines originating from all 4 sides of the game grid.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Paylines begin with the first column or row of symbols from one of the four directions (left, top, right or bottom) and only pay through connecting symbols either straight or diagonally. Three or more connecting symbols are required. No gaps between the symbols on the paylines are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
All winning symbols and Nitro Reels on the game grid respin after a win.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Pug Thugs is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol, the super bonus symbol, and the coin symbols. A payline of only wild symbols pays as the highest value symbol.
A Nitro Reel only covers one symbol position but contains a stack of symbols. The size indicator on the Nitro Reel indicates the number of symbols in the stack.
Intersecting paylines create a Nitro Reel in the intersecting position after the payout. If there is already a Nitro Reel in that position, that Nitro Reel will be upgraded.
Nitro Reels can be upgraded to have a bigger size indicator that contains additional symbols in the symbol stack. The maximum size indicator is 8.
Nitro Reels that contain a bonus symbol or a super bonus symbol temporarily deactivates the size indicator of the Nitro Reel and represents only one symbol instance.
Nitro Reels containing coin symbols contribute the number of coins represented by the size indicator when collected.
All Nitro Reels will land on the same symbol after respins.
The four Feature Screens in the corners of the game grid may randomly trigger their respective feature. Several features can be triggered at the same time.
The Feature Screens can trigger the Make Big, Collect, Nitro Wild and Nitro Match features. The Collect, Nitro Wild and Nitro Match features will stay active in the Feature Screens until used or the spin ends.
The Make Big feature will expand a random symbol on the game grid until it covers 2 x 2, 3 x 3 or 4 x 4 symbol positions.
The Collect feature is activated prior to the win evaluation, and it collects the values of all coins currently on the game grid and keeps the accumulated value on the screen. The coin symbols respin after a collect and can then land on either a coin symbol or a payout symbol. The process of collect and respin is repeated until there are no more coin symbols on the game grid. The total accumulated value times the current active bet is paid out once the feature has ended.
At the start of the Collect feature, a Coin Rain feature may randomly be triggered. Coin Rain will scatter additional coins on the grid.
The Nitro Wild feature will convert one or more Nitro Reels on the game grid into Nitro Reels containing wild symbols.
The Nitro Match feature will select a random symbol on the game grid and match all Nitro Reels on the game grid with the selected symbol.
If more than one of the four feature screens stop on a feature at the same time, they are always activated in the same order. First Make Big followed by Collect, Nitro Match, and finally Nitro Wild. The Collect, Nitro Match and Nitro Wild features are kept during potential subsequent respins if they can't be activated.
The Nitro Insane feature may randomly be triggered at the beginning of any spin.
Nitro Insane places a random number of Nitro Reels inside the central 4 x 4 area of the game grid prior to the other reels stop.
Three or more bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spins Bonus Game.
The feature screens are cleared for every new free spin.
A Nitro Insane feature is triggered in the beginning of every free spin in the bonus game.
There are no super bonus symbols in the bonus game.
Landing more than three bonus symbols award a boosted Bonus Game with more free spins from the start.
If at least one of the triggering bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol, the Super Bonus Game is triggered.
All Nitro Reels are kept sticky and remain in play for the remaining free spins during the super bonus game.
Three or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free spins.
The bonus mode starts once potential respins and activated features have been played through. Features that are not yet activated are deleted.
The Bonus Game ends when no spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the Bonus Game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Pug Thugs is __RTP__
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-03-22

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
One spin with guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus Game where all Nitro Reels are kept sticky at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Game:
One spin with guaranteed entry to the Bonus Game where each free spin starts with a Nitro Insane feature at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Nitro Insane plus Feature:
One spin with guaranteed trigger of the Nitro Insane feature and one random Feature Screen at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Nitro Insane:
One spin with guaranteed trigger of the Nitro Insane feature at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
More than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the Bonus Game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Pug Thugs is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2024-03-22
Cunning and smart by nature. Meet the alpha pug and the Pug Thugs clan of Nitropolis.
Pug Thugs features connecting paylines that can start from all 4 sides of the game grid.
All winning symbols and Nitro Reels on the game grid respin after a win.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free spins. If at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol, the super bonus game is triggered.
More than three bonus symbols award additional free spins.
The four Feature Screens may trigger features at random.
The features appearing in the Feature Screens are Make Big, Collect with a chance of Coin Rain, Nitro Wild and Nitro Match.
The Nitro Insane feature may randomly trigger at the beginning of any spin.
A Nitro Reel is a special symbol that contains a stack of symbols covering only one symbol position.
Nitro Reels can be upgraded, adding symbols to the stack.
Nitro Reels can only appear inside the central 4 x 4 area of the game grid.
Nitro Reels may spawn randomly in any spin or respin, by a feature or by two or more crossing win lines.