Key features
Name in English Cygnus 4
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Standard 4,096 expanding up to 262,144 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Welcome to the misty streets of the great world city of London. This vibrant metropolis is facing a time of transition and rapid growth. There is no city like this anywhere else in the world. Here you can find anything. You can do anything. And with skill, you can make a fortune. Are you ready to conquer the city of London?

Cygnus 4 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows. The main features are the rolling symbols, the six step multiplier pillar that can also be upgraded to higher levels and the free drops bonus game.

A bonus symbol reaching the leftmost column triggers the free drops bonus game. The current active multiplier and the current level of the multiplier pillar are both carried into the bonus game and remain persistent throughout the bonus game.
Cygnus 4 has up to 262,144 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers bonus mode with free drops. 7 free drops are awarded, and the current multiplier is carried into the bonus game. If another bonus symbol reaches the leftmost column during an active bonus game, it retriggers additional free drops. The Free Drops Bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the maximum win has been reached.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, level up and the multiplier symbols.
A bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers bonus mode with free drops. 7 free drops are awarded, and the current multiplier is carried into the bonus game. Additional free drops can be triggered.
A multiplier symbol that reaches the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid increases the current multiplier value and then turns into a wild symbol.
In X-iter mode 3 and 5, multiplier symbols are also wild. A multiplier wild symbol that reaches the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid increases the current multiplier value and then turns into a regular wild symbol.
A level up symbol that reaches the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid increases the level of the multiplier pillar, increasing all the multiplier values on the pillar. Then the level up symbol turns into a regular wild symbol.

Game rules
Cygnus 4 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
All wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Cygnus 4 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
All symbol drops start with 4 rows, 4,096 ways to win and the current active multiplier set to 1X.
All wins in the current symbol drop are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically, slide to the left and then right repeatedly until they reach a resting position. An additional row is added at the top and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, level up and the multiplier symbols.
A multiplier symbol that reaches the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid increases the current active multiplier, and then turns into a wild symbol. The multiplier increase and the symbol transition take place prior to the payout.
The current active multiplier is applied on all subsequent wins in the ongoing game round.
A level up symbol reaching the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid triggers a level up of the multiplier pillar, and then turns into a wild symbol. The multiplier pillar rotates, and the current active multiplier assumes the multiplier value of the same relative position along the new scale on the multiplier pillar.
The multiplier pillar has 3 levels.
Reaching the top of the third level of the multiplier pillar immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
The multiplier pillar will level up first, then the active multiplier will advance one step along the multiplier pillar, in case a multiplier and a level up symbol reach the leftmost column and/or the bottom of the game grid simultaneously.
A bonus symbol that ends up on the bottom row in columns 2 to 6 is removed and dropped down again in the column one step further to the left, if possible. The replacement occurs at the end of the current Avalanche cycle, and only once per cycle.
The current active multiplier and the level of the multiplier pillar are both reset before the start of a game round.
A bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers bonus mode with free drops. 7 free drops are awarded, and the current active multiplier and the current level of the multiplier pillar are carried into the bonus game. The bonus game starts when there are no more winning combinations.
A bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column during bonus mode retrigger additional free drops.
Each new free drop starts with 4 rows and with the current active multiplier and the current level of the multiplier pillar. The active multiplier and the level of the multiplier pillar are both persistent throughout the bonus game.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical pay out (RTP) in Cygnus 4 is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-12-11

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super Bonus game where multiplier symbols are also wild at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. The multiplier wild symbols remain until they are converted into regular wild symbols by reaching the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Multiplier wilds:
One drop where multiplier symbols are also wild at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. The multiplier wild symbols remain until they are converted into regular wild symbols by reaching the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid.
Multiplier pillar on level 3:
One drop where the multiplier pillar starts at level 3 at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
One drop with more than double the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Cygnus 4 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2023-11-09
All symbols which are part of a win explode and leave space for additional symbol drops, and an additional row of symbols is added at the top up to a maximum of 8 rows. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The multiplier pillar shows the current active multiplier. When a multiplier symbol reaches the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid, the current active multiplier increases by one step along the multiplier pillar.
A level up symbol reaching the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid triggers a level up on the multiplier pillar. The multiplier pillar rotates increasing the multiplier values along the pillar.
Reaching the top of the multiplier pillar on the third level awards the maximum win.
The wild symbols substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, level up and the multiplier symbols.
A bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers the Free Drops Bonus game. Additional free drops can be triggered.
The active multiplier and the level of the multipliper pillar are persistent between free drops.