Pirots 3
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function         Value
Name in
                 Pirots 3
English
ELK Game id      10214
Product
                 Casino
category
Game type        Slot
Client           HTML5
Theoretical
                 94.0%
RTP
                 The number of possible paylines vary based on the
Lines
                 position of the birds.
Jackpot          No
Reels            6 columns
Rows             7 rows
Hit frequency    25.2%
Min bet          € 0.20
Max bet          € 100.00
Max exposure     10 000x max bet
Max win single
                 10 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win      € 1,000,000.00
Game description
A muffled thump could be heard and the trees around the small glade shook
slightly. "Did you hear that? Did you see it?" Skipper nervously asked his
comrades while staring into the dense jungle from where he had heard the
sound. "Is this yet another one of your stupid jokes, Skipper?" Asked Aaron.
Another thump, louder this time. The trees shook again. Now everyone
heard it. "I have a bad feeling about this" said captain Redfeather. Suddenly
all the birds in the jungle seemed to pipe in terror and flew up into the skies.
The jungle parted and out rushed a huge two legged monster. Claws, fangs,
teeth all over it. And two tiny forearms. "Aaaah!" the pirots screamed. There
was no time for anything but to panic! Away they fled, abandoning their
current settlement and all their collected treasure. Thankfully, they didn't
have to run that far before they found a big fence they managed to slip
through. And on the other side the jungle ended, replaced by what seemed
to be a small town located in a desert of sorts. They caught a glimpse of a
strange dark figure roaming around, close by what seemed to be a bank.
And beside it... "Look there! It's a saloon!" yelled Hank. "They must serve
rum!" shouted Skipper. "And there is money to be retrieved from the bank!"
said the captain. With tears in his eyes, Charlie stuttered: "Ha... ha... have we
found paradise at last?". And so the four pirots walked forward. Into the small
western town, to find new adventures and treasure.

Pirots 3 is a 7 row by 6 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 7
columns. Central game features are: The four birds that move around the
grid collecting gems and feature symbols, the symbol collection meter that
counts the number of symbols collected and adds a pending feature symbol
release when the meter is full, and the bonus game with free drops.
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing.
Paylines
Wins are generated by the four birds collecting horizontally or vertically
adjacent gems, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all
wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.




Special symbols
Symbol image Function
                     There are four types of gems, one for each bird. The
                     birds can only collect the gems that have the same
                     color as the bird. The gems can be upgraded to higher
                     payout levels.
Symbol image Function
             The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the
             birds collect three bonus symbols during a game
             round. If one or more feature symbol releases are
             pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will
             be released as a part of the first free drop.

             The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their
             current respective payout level. The black bandit wild
             represents the currently highest paying gem.
             A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of
             gems next to the bird into the same color as the bird
             that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert
             a random number of gems into feature symbols.
             The upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of all
             gems of the same color as the bird that collected the
             upgrade symbol. The payout level of the gems can
             increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level
             of 7.
             The upgrade all symbol upgrades all four different
             colored gems at the same time. The payout level of the
             gems can increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum
             payout level of 7.
             The peanut symbol places a peanut in empty grid
             spaces when it is collected by a bird. The birds are
             then able to cross empty spaces one time each to
             reach additional symbols.
             A collected key symbol releases the bandit when the
             birds are unable to collect more symbols. This triggers
             the bandit's escape feature.
Symbol image Function
                A bird that collects the small dynamite symbol ignites
                the dynamite. This triggers an explosion when the
                birds are unable to collect more symbols. It removes
                the birds from the grid, and also removes all gems in
                close proximity of it, resulting in a redrop to fill empty
                symbol places. The explosion also expands the game
                grid, up to a maximum 8 rows by 7 columns. If any
                feature symbol releases are pending, they will be
                released just before the dynamite explosion.

                A bird collecting the large dynamite symbol ignites the
                dynamite. This triggers an explosion when the birds
                are unable to collect more symbols. It removes all
                gems and birds from the game grid, resulting in a
                redrop to fill empty symbol places. The explosion also
                expands the game grid, to the maximum 8 rows by 7
                columns. If any feature symbol releases are pending,
                they will be released just before the dynamite
                explosion.
                A coin symbol collected by a bird pays its value times
                the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin
                immediately pays the remaining amount required to
                reach the maximum win.


Game features
Bonus game
Three bonus symbols collected by the birds during a game round trigger the
free drops bonus game. The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection
meter, the collection of additional bonus symbols and the payout level of the
gems are all persistent during the bonus game. Bonus symbols collected
during bonus mode award additional free drops.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Pirots 3 is a 7 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can
  expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 7 columns.
  All drops in normal mode start with gems on payout level 1 and with a
  grid size of 7 rows by 6 columns.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, and the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  Spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  Paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  Pirots 3 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free
  drops.
  Pirots 3 has four collecting bird symbols that can move around the game
  grid. Each bird is paired with a gem of the same color as the bird.
  The birds can collect gems of the same color as the bird and all feature
  symbols.
  Pirots 3 also has a locked-up bandit. A released bandit moves around the
game grid collecting gems of any color and all feature symbols.
The birds collect symbols by moving to horizontally or vertically adjacent
collectable symbols.
Paying symbols consist of gems, coins and wild symbols.
Wins are generated by a bird moving and collecting paying symbols.
Gems can be individually upgraded to higher payout levels, up to a
maximum payout level of 7.
If there are more collectable symbols, the birds will keep collecting until
they can't collect more symbols. A bird can move several times prior to a
symbol refill.
A bird that collects a feature symbol triggers that symbol's feature.
Above the game grid there is a symbol collection meter. The meter
keeps track of the collected symbols. Only gems and wild symbols
collected by any bird except the bandit count. The symbol collection
meter continues to count collected symbols until the birds can't collect
more symbols.
The bandit doesn't contribute to the collection meter and the collection
meter is disabled during the bandit's escape feature.
When the symbol collection meter is full, one pending feature symbol
release is added.
Up to three feature symbol releases can be stacked simultaneously. All
stacked feature symbol releases are awarded simultaneously.
A feature symbol release is awarded just before the dynamite explodes,
as a part of the first free drop in the bonus game, or when the birds can't
collect any more symbols.
Each feature symbol release converts 3 gem symbols into random
feature symbols.
There are eight different types of feature symbols in Pirots 3; bonus, wild,
coins, upgrade, transform, peanut, key, and dynamite symbols.
A collected upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of gems of the
same color as the bird that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout
level of the gems increases by 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout
level of 7.
A collected upgrade all symbol upgrades the payout level of all four
gems simultaneously. The payout level of the gems increases 1, 2 or 3
steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
A key symbol collected by a bird triggers the bandit's escape feature
when the birds are unable to collect more symbols.
The bandit's escape feature begins with the bandit unlocking his cage,
flying away and landing on the game grid.
The bandit collects symbols like the other birds. The bandit can collect
any gem and any feature symbol.
The bandit is not guaranteed to collect an entire cluster of gems. When
dueling another bird, the symbol collection is interrupted.
The bandit collects one cluster of symbols at a time.
The total value collected by the bandit is accumulated and presented on
the bandit wanted poster.
When the bandit ends up next to a bird, he will challenge the bird to a
duel. If the bandit defeats the bird, the bird is removed from the game
grid and the bandit continues to collect more symbols.
If the challenged bird defeats the bandit, the bandit's escape feature
ends and the accumulated value collected by the bandit is paid out.
If the bandit defeats all four birds, the bandit collects all remaining
symbols on the game grid and the total amount collected by the bandit is
paid out. Then the bandit coin game feature is triggered.
When the bandit coin game feature ends, the collected value from the
coin game is paid out and the bandit's escape feature ends.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of gems next to the
bird into the same color as the bird that collected the transform symbol.
Each of these gem symbols can instead transform into a feature symbol.
The peanut symbol places a peanut in empty grid spaces when it is
collected by a bird. The birds are then able to cross empty spaces one
time each to reach additional symbols.
The coin game feature is triggered when the entire game grid is cleared
by either the birds or by the bandit.
At the start of the coin game feature, coin bags and scorpions drop into
random positions on the game grid and the train arrives. Either the bandit
or the birds embark the train. The symbol collection meter is disabled
and replaced by a coin game win counter.
The birds or the bandit on the train throw lassos trying to collect coin
bags. The value of the captured coin bags is added to the win counter. A
bird or bandit that catches a scorpion is out of the game. The coin games
ends when no bird remain in the game. The accumulated value in the win
counter times the current active bet level is paid out.
When the coin game ends in normal mode, new symbols and the four
birds drop in again.
The dynamite symbol collected by a bird triggers an explosion when the
birds are unable to collect more symbols. It removes the birds from the
grid, and also removes all symbols, except feature symbols, resulting in a
redrop to fill empty symbol places. The dynamite also expands the game
grid with 1 row or 1 column up to maximum 8 rows and 7 columns. A large
dynamite expands to the maximum size at once. If there is a pending
feature symbol release, it will be released just before the dynamite
explosion.
The dynamite symbol comes in two sizes; one that explodes an area in
close proximity of it, and one that explodes the entire game grid.
The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective
payout level. The black bandit wild represents the currently highest
paying gem.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level.
The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to
reach the maximum win.
The coin symbol can have any value of 2, 5, 10, 25, 50, 100, 500, 1000 or
MAX WIN.
Two adjacent birds have a random chance to perform a "Switcheroo"
when they can't collect more symbols. If triggered, the birds switch
places horizontally or vertically.
Two adjacent birds have a random chance to trigger the Showdown
feature when they can't collect more symbols.
Three or more birds ending up horizontally or vertically next to each
other trigger the Showdown feature.
During the Showdown feature, the birds move away from each other,
removing symbols along their way. The birds then shoot randomly in a
number of horizontal, vertical and diagonal directions. Symbols along the
shooting directions will be affected in different ways. Gems will be
removed. Bonus, super bonus, key and coin symbols will be collected.
Dynamite symbols will be ignited. Other feature symbols will remain
unaffected. The birds are redropped once the duel is over, and a symbol
refill occurs to fill empty symbol places.
2 or 4 symbol positions on the left and right sides of the game grid are
marked with a train backdrop. The train heist feature is triggered when a
bird collects one of the symbols on top of a train backdrop, and the same
bird can collect any of the symbols on top of a train backdrop on the
opposite side of the game grid. The train heist feature is not triggered in
case the bird can reach the symbols on the opposite side from its current
position.
When the train heist feature is triggered, the active bird finishes
collecting the current cluster of symbols. A train then arrives, and the bird
embarks the train. The train travels around the game grid and awards 1, 2
or 3 feature symbols. Then the train stops on the opposite side and the
bird disembarks and continues to collect symbols from there.
The train comes with red carts or golden coin carts. The red carts can
hold different types of feature symbols. The golden coin carts always
hold coin bags.
The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the birds collect three
bonus symbols during an active game round. 5 free drops are awarded.
A collected bonus symbol in bonus mode awards one additional free
drop to the bonus game.
The regular bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and
columns.
The super bonus game starts on 8 rows and 7 columns.
The progress on the symbol collection meter, and the payout level of the
gems are all persistent during the bonus game.
If there are pending feature symbol releases at the start of the bonus
game, they will be released as a part of the first free drop.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when
the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Pirots 3 is 94.0%.
The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
X-iter




X-iter button clarification
Button         Name
                BONUS HUNT!

                BANDIT JAILBREAK!

                COIN GAME!

                BONUS!

                SUPER BONUS!
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.

SUPER BONUS:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game. All free drops
are played with the maximum grid size, and all upgrade symbols upgrade all
gems at the cost of 500x the selected bet.

BONUS:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of 100x
the selected bet.

COIN GAME:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the coin game at the cost of 50x the
selected bet.

BANDIT JAILBREAK:
One drop where the bandit's escape feature is triggered at the cost of 25x
the selected bet.

BONUS HUNT:
One drop with QUADRUPLE the chance to trigger the bonus game at the
cost of 3x the selected bet.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.60, and the maximum cost is € 50,000.00.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Pirots 3 is 94.0%.

All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
