Key features
Name in English Ashoka Eternal
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster Wins
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns expanding up to 7 columns
Rows 7 rows expanding up to 9 rows

Game description
Ashoka Eternal is a cluster game with 5 columns by 7 rows with dropping symbols. The grid can expand up to 7 columns by 9 rows. The game comes with a multiplier wheel, multipliers, redrop feature, big symbols, blocker symbols and charged Wild symbols. 
Wining symbols adjacent to a blocker removes the blocker. Clear away all blockers and the grid will expand in 3 levels. First level 5x7 symbol grid, next level 7x7 symbol grid and last level 7x9 symbol grid.

Multiplier wheel has 12 positions. Each win turns the wheel one position.
When a multiplier activation symbol is at the top of the wheel, this activates the global multiplier for the next symbol drop.
The wheel locks on the position when no more cluster wins appear.
Clearing all blockers in level 3 will make the wheel stop and activate the global multiplier for the rest of the game round.


The bonus game is triggered by 3 active bonus symbols to run 8 free drops. one new active bonus symbol in the bonus game adds 2 additional free drops.
The super bonus game has double the chance to activate the global multiplier.
Ashoka Eternal is a cluster game where a cluster of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected triggers a win.
3 or more bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Player gets 8 free drops. Charged Wild and global multiplier are persistent over the free drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The charged Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last for up to 3 wins. It is removed after the last winning combination.
Redrop symbol selects one payout symbol type and keep these sticky during one redrop. The redrop feature activates when no more winning combination appears in view.
Multiplier symbols are hidden in the blockers. winning adjacent to the multiplier blocker adds the multiplier value to the global multiplier.
3 active bonus symbols collected triggers the free drops bonus game.

Game rules
Ashoka Eternal is a cluster game with 5 columns by 7 rows and dropping symbols. The grid can expand up to 7 columns by 9 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected. Only the largest cluster of the connected identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
A game round starts with a symbol drop with blockers above and below symbols for each column.
Winning symbols and all non winning symbols of the same type as the winning symbols is removed from the grid. Any blocker symbol adjacent to a winning symbol are removed, increasing the numbers of symbols in play.
The grid fills up with new symbols. Any new winning combinations are paid and the Avalanche repeats until no more wins.
Removing all blocker symbols in play increases the grid to 7x7 symbols with a new set of blockers on column 1 and 7. Removing all blockers on column 1 and 7 increases the grid to 7x9 and a new set of blockers are added to the top and bottom row.
Multiplier blocker symbols adds its value to the global multiplier when adjacent to a winning symbol.
The multiplier symbol can have a multiplier value of 2, 3, 5, 10 or 25.
The multiplier wheel has 12 positions. Activation symbols are distributed on the wheel. To activate the global multiplier the wheel needs to lock into a position where a multiplier activation symbol is in the top position. 
The wheel turns one step to the left after each win. If new winning combinations appear the wheel continues to rotate to the left. This repeats until no more wins.
Clearing all blockers when the grid is expanded to the maximum size of 7x9 symbols, makes the wheel stop and activates the global multiplier for the rest of the game round.
Big Wild symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 Wild symbols they cover. I.e. a 2x2 Wild symbol is 4 regular Wild symbols and a 3x3 Wild symbol is 9 regular Wild symbols.
The charged Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last for 3 wins. It is removed after the last win.
If a big symbol drop ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill the empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol.
Redrop symbol selects one payout symbol type and keep these symbols sticky during one redrop. The redrop feature activates when no more winning combination appears in view.
3 active bonus symbols triggers the 8 free drops bonus game.
Inactive bonus symbol will become active when adjacent to a winning symbol.
Charged Wild symbols remain when entering the bonus game and between free drops.
Bonus symbols are persistent between free drops.
The bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the grid.
To trigger the super bonus game one of the bonus symbols needs to be a super bonus symbol. In the super bonus game the multiplier wheel has double the chance to activate the global multiplier.
One new active bonus symbol in the bonus game adds 2 additional free drops.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024.12.12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS: 
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game, with double the chance to activate the global multiplier. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS: 
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
SUPER MULTIPLIER WHEEL: 
Buy a game round with double the chance to activate the global multiplier. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
CHARGED WILDS: 
Buy a game round with all Wild symbols as charged Wild symbols. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT: 
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-04-11
Clearing all the blockers in view will expand the symbol grid
The global multiplier activates when the wheel stops in the top position.
Multiplier are stored in blocker symbols. Winning adjacent to a multiplier blocker symbol adds the multiplier value to the global multiplier.
Selects one payout symbol type and keeps these sticky during one redrop. The feature activates when no more wins are in view.
Symbols come in the sizes 1x1, 2x2 and 3x3.
A Wild symbol charged to last up to 3 wins.
Wild symbols appear in size 1x1, 2x2 and 3x3.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol.
Bonus symbols activates when adjacent to a winning symbol. 3 active bonus symbols triggers the bonus game. One new active bonussymbol in the bonus game adds 2 free drops.
The global multiplier is persistent between free drops.
Trigger the super bonus game when one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol.
Double the chance to activate the global multiplier during the super bonus.