Slurpy
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function             Value
Name in English      Slurpy
ELK Game id          10220
Product category     Casino
Game type            Slot
Client               HTML5
Theoretical RTP      94.0%
Lines                Collector Wins
Jackpot              No
                     5 columns expanding up to 7
Reels
                     columns
Rows                 5 rows expanding up to 7 rows
Hit frequency        29.0%
Min bet              € 0.20
Max bet              € 100.00
Max exposure         5 000x max bet
Max win single
                     5 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win          € 500,000.00


Game description

Slurpy is a slot game with 5 columns by 5 rows with dropping symbols. The
grid can expand up to 7 columns by 7 rows. The game has 6 collectors,
multipliers, Wilds, double symbol, coins, long straw symbol and a super straw
symbol.
The game consists of 6 collectors with corresponding payout symbols.
Payout symbols connected to the corresponding collector with a cleared
path to the top row triggers a win. All connected symbols of the same type
pays out and is then removed from the grid. Clear away all payout symbols
and the grid will expand in 3 levels. First level 5x5 symbol grid, next level 6x6
symbol grid and last level 7x7 symbol grid.

The game starts with one collector in view and collects all matching payout
symbols with a cleared path to the top row. If a win has occurred and no
more winning symbols have a cleared path to the top row,a new collector is
added to the game. The grid refills. The new collector collects matching
payout symbols with a cleared path to the top row. When no more winning
symbols can be collected and a win has happened since the newest
collector appeared, the left most collector is removed and a new collector is
added to the game. The game continues until the collectors in view are
unable to collect more symbols.

All feature symbols, coins and bonus symbols triggers when they have a
clear path to the top row.
Multiplier symbols adds to the global multiplier.
The global multiplier multiplies every win with its value.
The long straw collects matching payout symbols not connected to the top
row.
The Super straw collects all matching payout symbols on the grid.


The bonus game is triggered by 3 collected bonus symbols to run 5 free
drops. 1 new collected bonus symbol in the bonus game adds 2 additional
free drops.
The super bonus game starts with 3 collectors and full expanded grid (7x7).
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when
playing in portrait mode.
Paylines
Slurpy is a slot game where a payout symbols connected to the
corresponding collector with a clear path to the top row triggers a win.
Special symbols
Symbol image Function
                The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A
                winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the
                highest paying symbol.

                Multiplier symbols adds to the global multiplier.


                The long straw can collect matching payout symbols
                not connected to the top row.

                The super straw collects all matching payout symbols
                on the grid.


                Level up symbol increase the game grid.


                Double symbol can connect two non matching payout
                symbols.

                3 active bonus symbols collected triggers the free
                drops bonus game.


Game features
Bonus game
3 or more bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Player gets 5
free drops. Numbers of collectors and the global multiplier are persistent
over the free drops.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Slurpy is a slot game with 5 columns by 5 rows and dropping symbols.
  The grid can expand up to 7 columns by 7 rows.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  Wins are paid for symbols connected to the corresponding collector with
  a clear path to the top row.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  Spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  Paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with
  free drops.
  The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning
  combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
  The game consists of 6 collectors with corresponding payout symbols.
  Payout symbols connected to the corresponding collector with a cleared
  path to the top row triggers a win. All connected symbols of the same
  type pays out and is then removed from the grid. Clear away all payout
symbols and the grid will expand in 3 levels. First level 5x5 symbol grid,
next level 6x6 symbol grid and last level 7x7 symbol grid.
The game starts with one collector in view and collects all matching
payout symbols with a cleared path to the top row. If a win has occurred
and no more winning symbols have a cleared path to the top row, a new
collector is added to the game. The grid refills. The new collector collects
matching payout symbols with a cleared path to the top row. When no
more winning symbols can be collected and a win has happened since
the newest collector appeared, the left most collector is removed and a
new collector is added to the game. The game continues until the
collectors in view are unable to collect more symbols.
If the collectors in view are not matching the payout symbols and one of
the other collectors could collect all remaining payout symbols on the
grid, this will trigger the second chance feature. The left most collector
will be removed, and a new collector will be added.
All feature symbols, coins and bonus symbols triggers when there is a
clear path to the top row.
Removing all payout symbols in view increases the grid 1 level and to a
maximum of 7x7 symbols. Removing all symbols on the maximum level
7x7 will increase the global multiplier with 5.
Multiplier symbols add to the global multiplier when part of a winning
combination.
The global multiplier multiplies every win.
Collecting the extra Slurpie symbol adds an additional collector to the
game. 3 collectors in the game at the same time is the maximum amount
of collectors.
The Coin symbol pays its value times the selected bet level when it has a
clear path to the top row.
The super straw collects all matching payout symbols on the grid, when
the matching symbols don't have a clear path to the top row.
The long straw collects one matching cluster of payout symbols that are
not connected to the top row.
The double symbol can connect two different payout symbols.
3 collected bonus symbols triggers the 5 free drops bonus game.
Number of collectors, grid size and the global multiplier remain when
entering the bonus game and between free drops.
The bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the grid.
To trigger the super bonus game one of the bonus symbols needs to be
a super bonus symbol. In the super bonus you are awarded 3 collectors
and a 7x7 symbol grid.
1 new collected bonus symbol in the bonus game adds 2 additional free
drops.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 5 000x the placed
bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The game will be capped at 5 000x the placed bet.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is 94.0%.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
X-iter




X-iter button clarification
Button         Name
                BONUS HUNT

                EXTRA COLLECTOR

                COIN DROP

                BONUS

                SUPER BONUS
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.

SUPER BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game, with 3 collectors and 7x7 grid.
Cost is 500x the selected bet.

BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game. Cost is 100x the selected bet.

COIN DROP:
Buy a game round with guaranteed Coins on the grid. Cost is 25x the
selected bet.

EXTRA COLLECTOR:
Buy a game round with 3 collectors. Cost is 10x the selected bet.

BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus
game. Cost is 3x the selected bet.

An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter
mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin
button.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are 94.0%.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.60, the maximum X-iter cost is € 50,000.00.

All game rules apply in X-iter mode.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
