Key features
Name in English Shadow Shifter
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Straight lines of 3 symbols or more
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 4 rows expanding up to 8 rows

Game description
Shadow Shifter is a 5 column 4 row slot (expands up to 8 rows). 3 or more payout symbols connected horizontally in a straight line from the leftmost column generate a win. Shadow Shifter comes with a multiplier system, expanding rows and expanding wilds. Column pusher can move the columns vertically upwards to generate even greater winning combinations.
Wins are paid for 3 or more payout symbols connected horizontally in a straight line starting from the leftmost column.
The Bonus game is triggered by collecting 3 Bonus symbols and awarding free spins.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The regular Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol.
The expanding Wild symbol is a Wild symbol that replaces all symbols on that column with wild symbols.
3 Bonus Symbols trigger the Bonus game.
Multipliers on the same columns as the winning combination will be added together and then multiplied with the win.
The Max Grow symbol increases the rows to 8 rows.
The Both Ways feature make all paylines pay from left to right starting from the leftmost column, and from right to left starting from the rightmost column.

Game rules
Shadow Shifter is a slot game with 5 columns, 4 rows that could expand up to 8 rows. 3 or more identical payout symbols connected horizontally  in a straight line starting from the leftmost column generate a win.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost column and only pay from left to right on consecutive columns and in a straight line. No gaps between the columns are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A winning combination consists of at least 3 identical symbols in a straight line, starting at the leftmost column.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
A game round starts with inactive column multipliers on all columns and a new set of symbols filling the grid. Winning symbols are paid out, for each winning combination one column pusher is created.
When there are no more direct winning combinations, the column pusher may be used to push the columns vertically upwards to create new potential winning combinations. When no more winning combinations are created, all symbols spin out. This cycle repeats until there are no more winning combinations.

The number of rows the grid grows is determined by how many column pushers are pushed in to the grid and move up each column. When one column pusher is pushed into a column, that specific column multiplier increases by x1.
Multipliers are connected to each individual column. Wins are multiplied by the total amount of all multipliers of the columns of the winning combinations.  
If there are multipliers on several columns of the winning combination, the multipliers will be added together and then multiplied with the win.
A column pusher is generated from a winning combination. One winning combination generates one column pusher. These can be used to find winning combinations by moving the columns vertically. One column pusher can move the entire column one symbol position vertically upwards. Multiple column pushers can be used to find a potential win.
The max grow symbol increases the number of rows to 8. This happens immediately when the symbol lands. When it has increased the number of rows, the symbol stays in the grid until all symbols spin out.
The expanding Wild symbol will expand in a vertical direction. The expanding wild replaces all symbols on the column with wild symbols, except bonus symbols and both ways symbols.
The both ways symbol triggers the both ways feature, where horizontally straight paylines pay from left to right starting from the leftmost column, and from right to left starting from the rightmost column.
The both ways feature remains active as long as the both ways symbol is visible on the game grid.
3 bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 5 free spins. Multipliers and unused column pushers are persistent when entering the bonus game and between free spins. 
Landing 1 additional bonus symbol in the bonus game generates 2 additional free spins.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remains or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.01.15

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:                                     
Buy a game round triggering the super bonus game starting with max rows and column multipliers at x5. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BUY BONUS:                                       
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
SUPER SPIN:                                        
Buy a game round with max rows and guaranteed column multipliers at x5. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
EXPANDING WILD:                                 
Buy a game round with one guaranteed expanding Wild symbol. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:                                      
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger a bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-10-15