Key features
Name in English Catemple
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Scattered symbols of 7 or more
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 7 rows

Game description
Catemple is a slot with 5 columns, 7 rows, dropping symbols, scatter wins and a bottom row Collect zone to activate golden coin features. It is played in a cat temple surrounding and has a coin pusher mechanics. The aim is to get the golden coin features (Coins, Multipliers, Bonus and Super Bonus symbols) to reach the bottom Collect zone (or "over the edge") to get them activated.
Wins are paid for any group of 7 or more identical symbols scattered all over the grid.
The Bonus game is triggered by 1 or more Bonus symbols awarding free drops with guaranteed winnings, s.c. win drops. The Bonus game can add win drops as a retrigger.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The regular Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol.
The Hot Wild symbol is a Wild but also spawns more Wild or Hot Wild symbols.
The Bonus Symbol trigger the Bonus game.
The Super Bonus symbol trigger the Super Bonus game.
Multiplier symbols add to the global multiplier for higher wins.
The Mystery symbol reveals any other feature symbol.
The Paw Strike symbol removes all payout symbols to make feature symbols go towards the Collect zone.
The Coin symbol pays an instant pay.
The MAX WIN coin pays the remaining amount to reach the maximum win.

Game rules
Catemple is a slot with 5 columns, 7 rows, dropping symbols, scatter wins and a Collect zone at the bottom row to activate golden coin features.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning combination consists of at least 7 identical symbols scattered anywhere. Only the largest amount of such identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
A game round starts with a new set of symbols filling the grid and the global multiplier reset to 1. Any Multiplier symbol in the Collect zone will be collected to the global multiplier, winning symbols and instant pay coins are paid, and any Bonus symbols in the Collect zone will be collected. Collected and winning symbols are then removed and the remaining symbols drop down by gravity. Any Mystery symbol anywhere on the grid will then reveal a feature symbol which then will act accordingly with following win evaluations. This avalanche repeats until no more wins.
A Multiplier symbol in the Collect zone adds its value to the global multiplier.
The global multiplier multiplies all wins including coin wins.
A Coin in the Collect zone pays an instant win with its value multiplied by the bet. The MAX WIN coin pays the remaining amount to reach the maximum win.
A Bonus or Super Bonus symbol in the Collect zone is collected to the Bonus Inventory for a pending bonus game trigger.
A Mystery symbol reveals any of the following feature symbols; Wild, Hot Wild, Coin, Bonus, Super Bonus, Multiplier or Paw Strike.
A revealed Hot Wild symbol spawns 1-3 new Wild or Hot Wild symbols and then becomes a Wild symbol. Any such spawned Hot Wild symbol will spawn further.
A revealed Paw Strike symbol removes all payout symbols, making Wild, Coin and other feature symbols fall to the Collect zone.
When there are no more wins and there is at least 1 Bonus symbol collected to the Bonus Inventory during normal mode, a bonus game is triggered.
The Bonus game continues until the following number of free drops with at least one win (win drops) have been completed:
  • 1 Bonus symbol: 3 win drops
  • 2 Bonus symbols: 5 win drops
  • 3 Bonus symbols: 7 win drops
  • 4 Bonus symbols: 9 win drops
In the Bonus game, the Collect zone consists of the bottom 2 rows.
Free drops without a win increase the global multiplier by 1.
A Bonus symbol in the Collect zone during the Bonus game adds 1 win drop.
A Super Bonus symbol in the Collect zone during the Bonus game upgrades the Bonus game to the Super Bonus game and adds 1 win drop.
The global Multiplier value carry over to a Bonus game and between the free drops during the entire Bonus game.
Each free drop starts with a new set of symbols.
If at least 1 of the symbols collected to the Bonus Inventory during normal mode is a Super Bonus symbol, a Super Bonus game is triggered.
In the Super Bonus game, the Collect zone consists of the bottom 3 rows.
Free drops without a win increase the global multiplier by 1.
A Bonus or Super Bonus symbol in the Collect zone during the super bonus game adds 1 win drop.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-09-12

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:                                     
Buy a game round triggering the Super Bonus game with 9 win drops and the Collect zone expanded to 3 rows. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BUY BONUS:                                       
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game, with 7 win drops and the Collect zone expanded to 2 rows. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
COIN ROW:                                        
Buy a game round with a random row filled with instant pay coins. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MYSTERY SYMBOLS:                                 
Buy a game round with at least 3 guaranteed Mystery symbols. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:                                      
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger a Bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-09-12