Pirots X
Game description document




Created on
2025-09-05
Key features
Function        Value
Name in
                Pirots X
English
ELK Game id     10223
Product
                Casino
category
Game type       Slot
Client          HTML5
Theoretical
                94.0%
RTP
                Cluster wins (5 or more vertically or horizontally adjacent
Lines
                identical symbols)
Jackpot         No
Reels           5 columns
Rows            5 rows
Hit frequency   24.0%
Min bet         € 0.20
Max bet         € 100.00
Max exposure    10 000x max bet
Max win single
               10 000x max bet
spin
Maximum win     € 1,000,000.00
Game description
"Treasure is waiting ahoy, every bird at the ready! This time nothing can stop
us!" captain Redfeather roars to his crew. "Under the Jolly Roger we sail!"
Yells Charlie. Hank, Aaron and Skipper search the area from their nest at the
edge of the jungle, eager to collect any fortune they can get their feathers
on!

Pirots X is a 5 row by 5 column cluster based slot that can expand up to 7
rows by 7 columns. You win on clusters with five or more connecting
symbols. Key game features are: The global multiplier that increase when
Pirots collect symbols, the Pirot features that consist of the bomb, the feature
chest, the big symbol drop and Charlie who can randomly release a bomb,
the different wild symbols and the big symbols. The wild symbols come in
two flavours; regular wild and the multiplier wild. The big symbols go up to
four by four in size. Icing of the cake is a bonus game with free drops.
Game view
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of
the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is
always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in
the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game
view when playing.




Paylines
Wins are generated by orthogonally adjacent clusters of five or more
identical symbols, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP of
the game is defined in the game rules.
Special symbols
Symbol image Function
             Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game
             with free drops.

             The super bonus symbol in combination with two or
             more bonus symbols trigger the super bonus game
             with free drops. The super bonus game is played with
             the maximum grid size and with a guaranteed feature
             release in every free drop.
             The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except
             other wild symbols, the bomb, the nest, bonus symbol,
             free drops symbol, and the super bonus symbol.
             The multiplier wild symbol substitutes for any symbol
             except other wild symbols, the bonus symbol, free
             drops symbol, and the super bonus symbol. It also has
             a multiplier that is multiplied by the winning amount for
             all winning clusters where the multiplier wild is
             included.
             The nest allows a bird to move down to the game grid.
             From the game grid, the birds can collect vertically and
             horizontally adjacent symbols of the same color as the
             bird. The birds do not collect feature symbols or wilds.
             The free drops symbol adds additional free drops in
             conjunction with a bonus game trigger or when it
             appears in an ongoing bonus game.
             The bomb symbol explodes at the end of the game
             round. It removes all symbols, except feature symbols,
             in close proximity of it, resulting in a redrop to fill empty
             symbol positions. The explosion also expands the
             game grid, up to a maximum of 7 rows by 7 columns.
Symbol image Function
                The feature chest triggers a release of a number of
                symbols that can be either wild, multiplier wild, bomb,
                nest, free drop, bonus or super bonus symbols.

                When a bird press a red button, a crushing big symbol
                is released. The big symbol is either a high or low
                value symbol of the same color as the bird.


Game features
Bonus game
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free drops. If one of the
bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol, the super bonus game is triggered.
Button clarifications
Button   Name

         Menu


         Bet levels


         Spin


         Auto spin


         Lobby


         Paytable


         Rules


         Settings


         Replay


         Promotions
Game rules
  Pirots X is a 5 reel, 5 row slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins.
  The game can expand the game grid up to a maximum of 7 rows by 7
  columns.
  The minimum bet is € 0.20, and the maximum bet is € 100.00.
  Each bet is 100 coins.
  A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either
  vertically or horizontally connected. Only the largest cluster of the
  connected identical symbols is paid out.
  A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the
  Spin button.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of
  game rounds to be played automatically.
  The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold
  down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level,
  loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
  Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the
  Paytable.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player
  can change preference in Settings.
  Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
  Pirots X is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free
  drops.
  The paying symbols in Pirots X consist of low value (gem) and high value
  (owl) symbols of the same colors as the birds.
  The feature symbols in Pirots X consist of big symbols, wilds, nest, bomb,
  bonus, super bonus and free drop symbols.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except other wild symbols,
the nest, bomb, bonus, super bonus and free drop symbols.
The multiplier wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except other wild
symbols, the nest, bomb, bonus, super bonus and free drop symbols.
Multiplier wild symbols that contribute to winning clusters multiply the
winning amount before the global multiplier is applied.
The global multiplier applies to all winning clusters, and it remains active
throughout the game round. It starts with a multiplier value of 1, and it
increases by birds collecting symbols.
Each winning cluster generates a wild symbol that appears in one of the
empty spaces created after the explosion of the winning symbols.
Several wild symbols in a winning cluster merge into a multiplier wild. The
generated multiplier is given a multiplier value equal to the sum of the
merged wild symbols' multiplier values. Regular wild symbols count as
having a multiplier value of 1.
All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected, then all symbols
in the winning clusters explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically until
they reach a resting position, and new symbols drop in to fill the empty
spaces. The drop continues as long as new winning combinations
appear.
The low value, high value and regular wild symbols exist in four sizes;
standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. The big symbols count
as the number of 1x1 symbol positions they cover, e.g. 1 Super 2x2 is
counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Empty spaces below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the
same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state.
Every new drop starts with the 4 Pirots birds placed at the top of the
game grid. From there, they can randomly trigger different features:
bomb, feature release and big drop.
The bomb feature releases a bomb onto the game grid which explodes
and removes all symbols, except feature symbols, in close proximity of it,
resulting in a redrop to fill empty symbol positions. The explosion also
expands the game grid, up to a maximum of 7 rows by 7 columns.
The small parakeet Charlie may randomly activate the bomb feature
himself at the end of the game round.
The feature release is randomly triggered at the start of an initial drop or
free drop by one of the Pirots birds opening a chest. It replaces a number
of 1x1 symbols on the game grid with random feature symbols. Feature
symbols and birds are not affected.
A feature release can place wilds, bombs, nests, bonus and super bonus
symbols on the game grid. In the bonus mode, free drop symbols can
also be placed.
The big drop is triggered by one of the birds randomly pressing a red
button. A big symbol of random size of the same color as the bird, or
wild, is dropped. The big symbol crushes 1x1 symbols on its way down.
Symbols of the same type as the crushing big symbol and feature
symbols are not affected.
The nest symbol can land on the game grid in any drop or through a
feature release.
The birds fly down and settle on a random nest symbol after a drop or
symbol refill, but they are activated and start collecting symbol only after
the win evaluation. All nests are filled. From the grid, the birds can collect
symbols of the same color as the bird which increases the global
multiplier. Low value symbols increase the global multiplier by 1 while
high value symbols increase it by 2. The birds cannot collect any feature
symbols or wilds.
A bird leaves the game grid when it has collected at least one symbol or
if it is scared off by an exploding bomb.
A bird can be crushed by a crushing Big symbol or burned to ashes if it is
too close to an exploding bomb. It will then drop in at the top of the game
grid at the beginning of the next drop.
A bird that doesn't collect any symbols will drop out with the other
symbols at the end of the drop. It will then drop in to the top of the game
grid at the beginning of the next drop.
The birds fly down, settle on the nests and perform their collection before
the bonus game starts if there is a bonus game trigger in the same drop.
3 bonus symbols anywhere in view during normal mode trigger the
bonus mode with 5 free drops.
The global multiplier is persistent between free drops in bonus mode.
Landing free drop symbols award additional free drops.
1 Super bonus symbol and 2 bonus symbols trigger the super bonus
game. The super bonus game is played with the maximum grid size and
with a guaranteed feature release in each free drop.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when
the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out when all triggered features have ended.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and
the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Pirots X is 94.0%.
The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet.
In the event of a malfunction, all bets and wins are void.
X-iter




X-iter button clarification
Button         Name
                Bonus Hunt!

                Big Symbol!

                Feature Release!


                Bonus!


                Super Bonus!
X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.

SUPER BONUS:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game. All free drops
are played with the maximum grid size, and guarantees a feature release in
every free drop at the cost of 500x the selected bet.

BONUS:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of 100x
the selected bet.

FEATURE RELEASE:
Guarantees a game round played with the maximum grid size with a
guaranteed feature release of 3 to 5 symbols and guaranteed super bonus if
the bonus game is triggered at the cost of 25x the selected bet.

BIG SYMBOL:
One drop with a guaranteed big symbol played at 6x6 grid size at the cost of
5x the selected bet.

BONUS HUNT:
One drop with more than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the bonus game at
the cost of 3x the selected bet.

The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.

The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.60, and the maximum cost is € 50,000.00.

The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Pirots X is 94.0%.

All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.




                  Contact info: sales@elk-studios.com
