Key features
Name in English Thoro
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 4 rows with 178 connecting paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Asgard, land of the gods. It magically hovers in front of you in thin air. The final obstacle lies ahead - Bifrost. The rainbow bridge connecting Asgard to Earth. Cross it and you will be rewarded with eternal life and unfathomable riches. Do you have the courage and the strength required?

Thoro is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 178 connecting paylines. It comes packed with lightning scatter pay symbols, Mjolnir, Thoro, Loki, and a bonus game, all delivered with the classic Toro feeling.

In normal mode, Thoro is a Walking Wild that generates respins when he moves. Two or more Loki symbols trigger a respin where Loki symbols are kept sticky. Additional Loki symbols that appear during a Loki Respin award one additional respin regardless of the number of Loki symbols. Landing Thoro when Loki is in view or Loki when Thoro is in view, triggers the Thoro Thunder Strike feature. During the feature, Thoro knocks off and defeats all Loki symbols, leaving a trail of wild symbols behind.

Landing four or more lightning symbols simultaneously on the game grid pays out according to the Lightning paytable.
The bonus symbol is a combination of a bonus symbol and a lightning symbol and counts as both. Landing three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.
Lightning symbols and bonus symbols can only land on reel 2, 3 and 4.
Thoro has 178 connecting paylines in all game modes. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A combination of 3 bonus symbols trigger the Bonus game with free spins. In Super Bonus, the Lightning paytable starts at the highest payout level, and Thoro carries both Mjolnir and a multiplier.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the lightning, bonus, Mjolnir, Thoro and Loki symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
Loki is a blocker symbol. Two Loki symbols award a respin during which the Loki symbols lock into position and stay sticky. Additional Loki symbols that appear during a Loki Respin award one additional respin regardless of the number of Loki symbols.
Thoro is a Walking Wild symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. Landing Thoro when Loki symbols are in view, or landing one or more Loki symbols when Thoro is in view, trigger the Thoro Thunder Strike feature. No free spins are consumed during respins generated by Thoro or Loki symbols.
The lightning symbol is a scatter symbol. Four or more lightning symbols anywhere on the game grid pay the current bet level times the corresponding multiplier in the Lightning paytable. Lightning symbols can only land on reel 2, 3 and 4.
The bonus symbol is both a bonus symbol and a lightning symbol. Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game. Bonus symbols can only land on reel 2, 3 and 4.
Mjolnir, the hammer symbol, is a special blocker symbol that can strengthen Thoro. If Mjolnir and Thoro simultaneously appear on the game grid, Thoro pulls Mjolnir towards him, triggering the Mjolnir feature. Thoro may randomly upgrade the payout level in the Lightning paytable, or increase his own multiplier as long as he carries Mjolnir.

Game rules
Thoro is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 178 connecting paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Thoro is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
Thoro and Loki are available in both normal mode and bonus mode.
The lightning symbol is a scatter symbol. Four or more lightning symbols anywhere on the game grid pay the current bet level times the corresponding multiplier in the Lightning paytable. Hitting 12 lightning symbols pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
The Lightning paytable can be upgraded to higher payout levels.
The respective multipliers for hitting 4 up to 11 lightning symbols increase when the Lightning paytable is upgraded. The reward for hitting 12 lightning symbols is fixed and is not affected by the upgrade.
The lightning symbols can only appear on reel 2, 3 and 4, so the maximum number is 12.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Thoro, Loki, Mjolnir, lightning and bonus symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
Two or more Loki symbols on the game grid award one Loki Respin, during which the Loki symbols lock into position and stay sticky.
Additional Loki symbols that appear during a Loki Respin award one additional respin regardless of the number of Loki symbols.
Landing Thoro when Loki symbols are in view or landing one or more Loki symbols when Thoro is in view, trigger the Thoro Thunder Strike feature.
Thoro is a Walking Wild symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. There can only be one Thoro in view at all times.
Lightning and bonus symbols are sticky during Thoro respins. The payout of the lightning symbols and the potentially triggered bonus game is only triggered when Thoro spins out.
Landing Thoro when Loki symbols are in view or landing one or more Loki symbols when Thoro is in view, trigger the Thoro Thunder Strike feature.
During the Thoro Thunder Strike feature, Thoro moves vertically and horizontally to knock all Loki symbols off. Thoro continues to charge until all Loki symbols are defeated.
Thoro starts by charging Loki symbols on the same reel. He then looks to the left and continues to charge to the left as long as there are additional Loki symbols. He finally looks to the right and charge all Loki symbols on his right side.
Thoro leaves a trail of wild symbols behind when charging and knocking Loki symbols off the game grid.
The hammer Mjolnir is a special blocker symbol that can only appear as long as it has not been pulled by Thoro.
Thoro pulls the hammer Mjolnir towards him when they simultaneously appear on the game grid, triggering the Mjolnir feature. Thoro can randomly upgrade the payout level of the Lightning paytable, or increase his own multiplier as long as the Mjolnir feature is active. Thoro continues to carry Mjolnir and the Mjolnir feature remains active for the remainder of the game round.
Thoro pulls the hammer Mjolnir towards him activating the Mjolnir feature before activating the Thoro Thunder Strike in case both the Mjolnir and Loki symbols appear simultaneously on the game grid.
Activating the Mjolnir feature awards a respin as long as there is not a pending Thoro Thunder Strike.
There is a random chance that Thoro upgrades the Lightning paytable, or his own multiplier on every Thoro respin as long as the Mjolnir feature is active.
3 Bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the bonus game.
Bonus symbols are also lightning symbols. They only appear on reel 2, 3 and 4.
In Super Bonus, the Lightning paytable starts at the highest payout level, and Thoro carries both Mjolnir and a multiplier.
No free spins are consumed during Loki Respins or Thoro respins.
The bonus game ends when no free spins remain, or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Thoro is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-12-13

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus:
One spin with guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus game where the Lightning paytable starts at the highest payout level, and Thoro carries both Mjolnir and a multiplier at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Game:
One spin with guaranteed entry to the Bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mjolnir Feature:
One spin with a guaranteed walking Thoro carrying Mjolnir at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Loki Respin:
One spin with a guaranteed Loki Respin at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
More than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the Bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Thoro is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2024-06-24
Four or more lightning scatter symbols generates a win.
Landing 12 lightning symbols on the game grid pays the maximum win.
The lightning symbols pay out according to the Lightning paytable.
The Lightning paytable can be upgraded to higher payout levels by Thoro when he carries Mjolnir.
Thoro is a Walking Wild that generates respins as he moves leftwards.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the lightning, bonus, Mjolnir, Loki and Thoro symbols.
Two or more Loki symbols trigger the Loki Respin feature.
The Mjolnir feature is active as long as Thoro carries the hammer Mjolnir.
Thoro together with Loki triggers the Thoro Thunder Strike feature.
Thoro leaves a trail of wild symbols as he knocks all Loki symbols off the grid during the Thoro Thunder Strike feature.
Thoro can upgrade the Lightning paytable or his own multiplier as long as he carries Mjolnir.
3 Bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the bonus game.
Bonus symbols are also lightning symbols. They only appear on reel 2, 3 and 4.