Key features
Name in English Cluster Kingdom
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster Wins
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 5 rows

Game description
Cluster Kingdom is a cluster game with 5 columns by 5 rows. The game comes with multiplier Wilds, walking Wilds, upgrade feature, rearrange feature, placing Wild feature, sticky redrop and walking bonus triggers. 
All feature symbols ( King, Queen, Princess and Knight) are wild symbols. 
Multiplier symbols adjacent to each other multiply their value and add it to one of the multiplier symbols, the other multiplier symbol becomes a Wild symbol. 


The bonus game triggers when the Queen symbol and the King symbol are adjacent to each other. The bonus game runs 6 free drops.
The mini bonus game triggers when the Princess symbol and the King symbol are adjacent to each other. The mini bonus game runs 3 free drops with increasing persistent multiplier Wilds.
The super bonus game triggers when the Princess symbol, the Queen symbol and the King symbol are adjacent to each other. The super bonus game runs 6 free drops with increasing persistent multiplier Wilds.
The Queen symbol and the Princess symbol walk one step towards the King symbol after each win and before refill.
Cluster Kingdom is a cluster game where a cluster of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected triggers a win.
The Queen symbol and the King symbol adjacent to each other trigger the free drops bonus game. Player gets 6 free drops. Bonus game can be retriggered.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The Princess symbol places one or more wild symbols on the grid after each win.
The Queen symbol rearranges symbols horizontally and vertically adjacent to the Queen symbol.
The King symbol choses the lowest payout symbol type adjacent to the King symbol and upgrades these symbols to the highest adjacent payout symbol.
The Knight Symbols are multiplier wilds.
The sticky redrops feature selects one paying symbol. All matching paying symbols will become sticky on the grid. Landing one or more new matching paying symbols will award one redrop, potential winnings are paid out when no additional matching symbols appear. Wild and Multiplier Wilds are persistent during sticky redrops.
The King symbol adjacent to the Queen symbol triggers the free drops bonus game.

Game rules
Cluster Kingdom is a cluster game with 5 columns by 5 rows and dropping symbols.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected. Only the largest cluster of the connected identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
A game round starts with a new set of symbols added to the game.
Winning symbols and all non winning symbols of the same type as the winning symbols are removed from the grid.
The grid fills up with new symbols. Any new winning combinations are paid and the round continues until there are no more wins.
The Sticky redrops feature selects one paying symbol. All matching paying symbols will become sticky on the grid. Landing one or more new matching paying symbols will award one redrop, potential winnings are paid out when no additional matching symbols appear. Wild and multiplier Wilds are persistent during sticky redrops. Feature symbols keep inactive until end of the sticky redrops.
Multiplier wilds add their value to winning combinations that they're part of. Multiplier wilds are sticky until end of the game round.
Multiplier wild symbols adjacent to each other multiply their value and add the sum of the multiplication to one of the multiplier wild symbols, the other multiplier symbol becomes a wild symbol.
The Princess feature places 1-4 wild symbols on the game grid. When the King symbol is in view, the princess symbol moves one step towards the King symbol after each win and before refill.
The King feature choses the lowest payout symbol type adjacent to the King symbol and upgrades these symbols to the highest adjacent payout symbol.
The Queen symbol switches the places of adjacent symbols. When the King symbol is in view, the Queen symbol moves one step towards the King symbol after each win and before refill.
When the King symbol and the Queen symbol are adjacent connected to each other the bonus game is triggered with a 6 free drops bonus game. Multipliers are persistent when entering the bonus game and between free drops
The bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the grid.
To trigger the super bonus game the Queen symbol, the Princess symbol and the King symbol need to be adjacent to each other. In the super bonus game you get 6 free drops and increasing persistent multiplier Wild symbols.
The mini bonus game triggers when the Princess symbol and the King symbol are adjacent connected to each other. In the mini bonus game you get 3 free drops and increasing persistent multiplier wild symbols.
In the super bonus and mini bonus game, the increasing multiplier wild symbols increase the multiplier with +1 when part of one or more winning combination.
The bonus games can be retriggered.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-10-24

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS: 
Buy a game round triggering the super bonus game, with increasing persistent multiplier Wilds. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS: 
Buy a game round that triggers the bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MINI BONUS: 
Buy a game round that triggers the mini bonus game, with increasing persistent multiplier Wilds. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
STICKY REDROPS: 
Buy a game round with sticky redrops. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT: 
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes is __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-08-13
Awards one additional redrop for every redrop with at least one new matching symbol. Feature pays out when no additional matching symbols appear.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol.
The multiplier Wild symbol multiplies the winning cluster with its multiplier.
Places 1-4 wild symbols on the game grid.
Upgrades one payout symbol type to a higher value payout symbol type.
Rearranges symbols horizontally and vertically adjacent to the Queen symbol.
Triggers the bonus game and runs 6 free drops when the King symbol and the Queen symbol are connected horizontally or vertically.
The Queen symbol moves one symbol position towards the King symbol after each win.
The Super bonus game runs 6 free drops with a guaranteed increasing persistent multiplier Wild.
The mini bonus game runs 3 free drops with a guaranteed increasing persistent multiplier Wild.