Key features
Name in English Tinkerbot
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster of 5 or more symbols
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns expanding up to 7 columns
Rows 5 rows expanding up to 7 rows

Game description
Tinkerbot is a 5 columns, 5 rows slot that can expand up to a maximum of 7 columns, 7 rows. The game comes with cluster wins, feature symbols, a multiplier, and stacked symbols.
Wins are paid for cluster of 5 or more horizontally or vertically connected symbols.
The bonus game with free drops is triggered by 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the game grid. Each extra Bonus symbol in the bonus game awards 1 additional free drop. Four bonus symbols anywhere on the game grid trigger the super bonus game that is played on the maximum grid size and with a boosted multiplier value.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The regular Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol.
The Multiplier symbol adds its value to the multiplier and turns into a Wild symbol.
3 Bonus Symbols trigger the bonus game.
4 Bonus symbols trigger the super bonus game.
The Multisymbol is a number of symbols stacked on one symbol position.
The expand grid feature expands the grid to a 6x6 or 7x7 game grid.
The button symbol triggers the Absorb feature or the Transform feature.
The Absorb feature selects one paying symbol type on the grid and collects all identical symbols on the grid into one symbol position.
The transform feature selects one type of payout symbol on the grid and transforms it to a higher value payout symbol.
The botbox opens when there are 3 boxes on the grid.
The instant botbox will always open when it lands on the grid, just before the win evaluation.

Game rules
Tinkerbot is a 5 columns, 5 rows slot that can expand up to a maximum of 7 columns, 7 rows. The game comes with cluster wins, a set of feature symbols, a multiplier, and stacked symbols.
The TV-screen shows the current multiplier value. The payouts from all winning symbol clusters are multiplied by the multiplier value.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more vertically or horizontally connected identical symbols. Only the largest cluster of the connected identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol.
A Wild symbol can be part of several win clusters.
A game round starts with a new set of symbols dropping in. Any winning clusters of five or more connecting symbols are paid out after which the symbols are removed. For each individual cluster win, a botbox is created in one of the empty symbol positions. botboxes are sticky to their symbol position and are not affected by gravity.
When all winning symbols have been removed from the game grid, new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces.
If 3 or more botboxes are visible on the game grid at the same time, the botboxes activate one at a time.
Features generated from the botboxes are activated immediately when the botboxes are opened. When all botboxes have been opened, the win evaluation will take place. This cycle will continue until there are no more wins.
Removing all payout symbols on the game grid awards a random amount of extra botboxes in addition to the botboxes created from the cluster wins.
Instant botbox:
The instant botbox is a special kind of botbox that always open and release its feature when it lands on the game grid. The instant botbox will not count as a standard botbox and will not contribute to the botbox counter.
Multisymbols Feature:
The Multisymbol feature may appear randomly during any drop in of new symbols. The Multisymbol creates a collection of identical payout symbols in one symbol position. This new collection of payout symbols counts as a cluster of payout symbols.
When the Multisymbol is a part of a winning cluster, it will also explode all non winning payout symbols in close proximity of it. It will not explode feature symbols or other Multisymbols.
The Button:
A button landing on the game grid will trigger either the absorb feature or the symbol change feature.
Absorb Feature:
The absorb feature is triggered by a button on the game grid. The absorb feature selects one of the payout symbols adjacent to the button and moves all identical symbols to the position of the button, creating a Multisymbol.
Transform: 
The transform feature is triggered by a button on the game grid. The transform feature selects one of the payout symbols adjacent to the button. All identical payout symbols and the button are converted to identical payout symbols of another type.
Multiplier Feature:
Multiplier symbols may appear from a botbox. Multiplier symbols add their value to the multiplier and then turn into a Wild symbol.
Wild Symbols:
Wild symbols can drop in or be appear from a botbox.
A botbox may release a Hot Wild when it opens. This is indicated by a blue swirl effect behind the released Wild symbol. The Hot Wild will then transform a random number of payout symbols into Wilds.
Expand Grid Feature: 
The expand grid feature may appear from a botbox, the feature expands the symbol grid one step to a maximum of 7x7 symbol grid.
3 bonus symbols anywhere on the game grid trigger the bonus game with 7 free drops.
Unused botboxes, the multiplier value and the grid size are carried into the bonus game and are persistent between free drops in the bonus game.
4 bonus symbols anywhere on the game grid trigger the super bonus game with 9 free drops.
The super bonus game starts at the maximum grid size of 7 rows, 7 columns and the multiplier value is increased.
Every bonus symbol landing during a bonus game or super bonus game, will award one additional free drop.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.01.17

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS: 
Buy a game round that triggers the super bonus game with a 7x7 grid size and a boosted multiplier value. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS: 
Buy a game round that triggers the bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
SUPER DROP:
Buy a game round with the game grid at 7x7. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
FEATURE FEST:
Buy a game round with guaranteed 3 botboxes. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT: 
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes is __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-11-13
Five or more horizontally or vertically connecting symbols will generate a win.
The multiplier value is multiplied to all winning symbol clusters.
Each winning cluster will generate a Botbox.
Three or more Botboxes activates a feature release where every Botbox will release a random feature.
The instant Botbox is a special type of Botbox that always will release a random feature.
Removing all payout symbols on the game grid awards a random amount of extra botboxes in addition to the botboxes created from the cluster wins.
The absorb feature selects one paying symbol and collects all identical symbols, creating one Multisymbol.
The transform feature selects one paying symbol and transforms all identical symbols into another type.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol.
A botbox may release a Hot Wild when it opens. This is indicated by a blue swirl effect behind the Wild. The Hot Wild will release a random number of Wilds on other symbol positions.
The Multiplier symbol adds its value to the multiplier and turns into a Wild symbol.
The Multisymbol is a number of symbols stacked on one symbol position.
The expand grid symbol expands the grid with one column and one row up to a maximum of 7 rows by 7 columns.
3 Bonus Symbols trigger the bonus game with 7 free drops.
Unused Botboxes are kept between free drops. The current multiplier value, and the grid size are both persistent between free drops.
4 Bonus symbols trigger the super bonus game with 9 free drops. Super bonus is played at the maximum grid size and with a boosted multiplier value.
The multiplier value and unused Botboxes are kept between free drops.