Key features
Name in English In the Zone
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 8 to 44 connecting paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 3 reels
Rows 2 to 6 rows

Game description
We are back in the eighties and our Vegas casino where classic slot machines dominate the floor. Oh, the classic games. They always convey a certain elegance. Cherries, lemons, melons and sevens. In the Zone is a classic 3 reel slot machine. A unique feature of this game is the Bigways mechanic. Every reel will stop with 2, 3 or 6 symbols. Other central game features are the Linked Spin, multiplier hot zones, nudging Wilds, and the bonus game. The Linked Spin feature where two or three reels spin and stop synchronized triggers randomly during any spin.
In the Zone with the variable number of rows has between 8 and 44 connecting paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 5 Free Spins and a global multiplier feature. The global multiplier is increased at the end of every Free Spin. Free Spins are increased when a bonus symbol lands on the game grid. The Free Spins bonus game ends when no Free Spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. When it lands, it will always nudge down one step until it leaves the game grid. Every nudge generates one respin.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 5 Free Spins.

Game rules
In the Zone is a slot with 3 reels, 2 to 6 rows, and connecting paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Paylines are generated when identical symbols connect horizontally or diagonally on all three reels. No gaps between reels or symbols are allowed. The total win will be the sum of the wins from all paylines.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
In the Zone is played in two modes; Normal mode and bonus mode with Free Spins.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol.
Every spin, including respins, will stop the reel with a random number of symbols. The possible outcomes are 2, 3 or 6 symbols, resulting in 8 to 44 ways to win.
Nudging reels will keep the same number of symbols on the reel and the Linked Spin feature will always land with the same number of symbols on the linked reels.
If two reels stop showing identical symbols without resulting in a win, the two reels are locked in place and a respin is triggered on the third reel.
Multipliers on a locked reel are persistent and stay on their respective symbol positions.
A Wild symbol that lands on a reel will force the reel to nudge down one step at the time, generating respins on the other reels, until the Wild is no longer visible.
Multipliers on a nudging reel are persistent and follow their respective symbol positions, nudging down one step at the time together with the reel.
The Linked Spin feature links 2 or 3 reels together, stopping them with identical symbols.
Multipliers can randomly appear above any symbol, except bonus symbols. Every payline going through a multiplier position will be multiplied.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 5 Free Spins and a global multiplier feature.
Bonus symbols that land during a Free Spin award additional Free Spins.
A global multiplier is activated during bonus mode. It starts at x1, increases for every new Free Spin, and multiplies every win with its current value.
The Free Spins bonus game ends when no Free Spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical pay out (RTP) in In the Zone is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
Last updated 2025-02-05

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Spin:
Guarantees one Super Spin where reel one and three only show diamonds at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Linked Spin:
One spin with one guaranteed Linked Spin feature at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Multiplier Mania:
One spin with at least one guaranteed multiplier on each reel at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
More than triple the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in In the Zone is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-02-05
Bigways stop the reels randomly with either 2, 3 or 6 symbols, resulting in 8 to 44 ways to win.
The Linked Spin feature links 2 or sometimes even all 3 reels together, stopping them with identical symbols.
If two reels stop showing identical symbols, without resulting in a win, will trigger one respin on the third reel.
A multiplier can randomly be added to any symbol position.
Wilds landing on the grid will be nudged down one step at the time resulting in respins until no more wilds remain.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 5 Free Spins and a global multiplier feature.
The global multiplier starts at x1 and is increased at the end of every Free Spin.
Bonus symbols that land during a bonus game will increase the number of remaining Free Spins.