Key features
Name in English Cygnus 5
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Standard 4,096 expanding up to 262,144 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Welcome to the sacred halls of the ancient Egypt temple of light, where the mysteries of the moon and stars are honored. Within these walls, the glow of the moon illuminates hidden wisdom and the stars whisper their secrets to those who listen. Are you prepared to uncover the mysteries of the cosmos and find your place among the stars?

Cygnus 5 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows. The main features are the prism, the Meteor Strike and the six step multiplier pillar that can also award the maximum win, and the free drops bonus game. 

A bonus or super bonus symbol reaching the leftmost column triggers the free drops bonus game. The current active multiplier is carried over to the bonus game and remains persistent throughout the bonus game.
Cygnus 5 has up to 262,144 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A bonus or super bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers bonus mode with free drops. 7 free drops are awarded, and the current multiplier is carried over to the bonus game. If another bonus symbol reaches the leftmost column during an active bonus game, it retriggers additional free drops. An ongoing regular bonus game can be upgraded to a super bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, prism and the multiplier symbols.
A bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers bonus mode with free drops. 7 free drops are awarded, and the current multiplier is carried over to the bonus game. Additional free drops can be triggered.
A super bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers bonus mode with free drops. 7 free drops are awarded with a guaranteed Meteor Strike in every free drop, and the current multiplier is carried over to the bonus game. Additional free drops can be triggered.
A multiplier symbol that reaches the leftmost column or the bottom of the game grid increases the current multiplier value and then turns into a wild symbol.
A prism symbol that reaches the bottom of the game grid turns all symbols along one or more lines into the same symbol. A prism hitting another prism starts a chain reaction.

Game rules
Cygnus 5 is a 6 column, 4 row slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
All wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. An active payline is defined as the longest winning symbol combination.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Cygnus 5 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
All symbol drops start with 4 rows, 4,096 ways to win and no active multiplier.
All wins in the current symbol drop are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically, slide to the left and then right repeatedly until they reach a resting position. An additional row is added at the top and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Each additional symbol drop adds an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 4,096 ways to win
5 rows: 15,625 ways to win
6 rows: 46,656 ways to win
7 rows: 117,649 ways to win
8 rows: 262,144 ways to win
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, prism and the multiplier symbols.
The prism symbol is activated when it reaches the bottom of the game grid. After the next symbol drop or immediately if placed by a Meteor Strike, it turns all symbols along lines in a random number of directions into the same payout symbol or wilds.
A prism symbol hitting another prism with its beam of light triggers a chain reaction, where all symbols along the selected lines turn into the same payout symbol or wild. Symbols in crossings turn into wilds.
Multipliers, bonus and super bonus symbols along a direction selected by a prism temporarily turn into the selected symbol. The feature symbols then return after the win evaluation.
Wild symbols are not affected by the prism.
A multiplier symbol that reaches the bottom or the leftmost column increases the current active multiplier before turning into a wild symbol. The multiplier increases and the symbol transition occurs prior to the payout.
The current active multiplier is applied to all subsequent wins in the ongoing game round.
The first multiplier symbol that reaches the bottom or the leftmost column activates the current multiplier and defines the start value.
Reaching the top of the multiplier pillar immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
The current active multiplier is reset before the start of a new game round.
The Meteor Strike feature is triggered after a drop or after a symbol refill. When activated, a number of randomly selected payout symbols on the game grid are replaced by feature symbols.
Multiplier symbols perform their action first before the prism symbols if both feature symbols are activated in the same drop.
A bonus or super bonus symbol that ends up on the bottom row in columns 2 to 6 is removed and dropped down again in the column one step further to the left, if possible. The replacement occurs at the end of the current Avalanche cycle, and only once per cycle.
A bonus or super bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column triggers bonus mode with free drops. 7 free drops are awarded, and the current active multiplier is carried into the bonus game. The bonus game starts when there are no more winning combinations.
Triggering the super bonus game guarantees a Meteor Strike in every free drop.
A bonus symbol that reaches the leftmost column during bonus mode retriggers additional free drops. If a super bonus symbol reaches the leftmost column it retriggers additional free drops and the ongoing bonus game is upgraded to a super bonus game, which guarantees a Meteor Strike in every remaining free drop.
Each new free drop starts with 4 rows and with the current active multiplier. The active multiplier is persistent throughout the bonus game.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Cygnus 5 is __RTP__
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.01.15

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the super bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. A Meteor Strike is guaranteed in every free drop throughout the super bonus game.
Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Prisms: One drop with at least two prism symbols at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Meteors: Guarantees a game round with a Meteor Strike in the first drop at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One drop with more than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the bonus and super bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Cygnus 5 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2024-10-29