Key features
Name in English Orbitfall
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster wins (at least 5 connecting symbols)
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6-8 rows

Game description
A relentless alien force spreads its corruption across the stars. To reclaim the galaxy, you must hold the line against an endless onslaught and turn the tide to restore peace.
Prepare for the final alien battle!

Orbitfall is a 6-to-8 row, 6 column galactic slot that comes with wilds, multipliers, big symbols, lazers, endless battle, a bonus and all packed into a potential of 7,500x!

The blockers release different features: redrops, multipliers and level clear. There are also Lazer and Alien attack features which remove symbols and blockers. Finally, there is a bonus game with free drops.
Wins are generated by clusters of five or more connected identical symbols, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A bonus symbol that reaches the top symbol row triggers the bonus game, awarding 5 free drops. The bonus game can not be retriggered.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbols.
A blocker symbol is placed at the top and may contain a feature symbol that is released when the blocker is destroyed.
A released multiplier symbol increases the global multiplier.
A released redrop symbol increases the redrop counter. A redrop is then triggered and consumed at the end of the game round when there are no more wins, or at the end of a free drop.
A released level clear symbol removes all blocker symbols and triggers them to release their symbols, and also advances the game to the next level.
A normal 1x1 payout symbol may drop in carrying a special lazer feature. It charges the lazer when it is part of a winning combination. The lazer activates at the end of a symbol drop when there are no more wins or at the end of a free drop, and it then removes an entire column.
A bonus symbol that reaches the top symbol row triggers the bonus game, awarding free drops.

Game rules
Orbitfall is a 6 columns, 6 rows slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins. The columns can grow up to 8 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected. Only the largest cluster of the connected identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Orbitfall is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected. Thereafter, all symbols that were part of a winning combination are removed. The remaining symbols move vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in from the bottom to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Cluster wins destroy blockers. All symbols in a winning combination shoot vertically towards the blocker symbols. Only one blocker symbol per column per cluster is destroyed.
The first level initially has 5 rows of symbols and an additional row above with blockers. The second level initially has 5 symbol rows and two rows of blockers. The third level initially has 5 symbol rows and three rows of blockers. The final level initially has 7 symbol rows and one row of blockers.
The game advances to the next level once all blockers have been destroyed on the current level until reaching the final level. During advancement to level 2 and 3 remaining symbols on the 5 lower rows are carried over to the new level.
A blocker symbol may contain a feature symbol that is released when the blocker is destroyed. Potential released feature symbols are redrops, multipliers and level clear.
A released redrop symbol increases the redrop counter. A redrop is then triggered and consumed at the end of the game round when there are no more wins, or at the end of a free drop. All symbols are replaced in a redrop, but the current blockers remain.
A released level clear symbol removes all other blockers and triggers them to release their symbols, and also advances the game to the next level.
A released multiplier symbol increases the global multiplier. The global multiplier is applied to all subsequent wins during the current game round.
A normal 1x1 payout symbol may drop in carrying a special lazer feature. It charges the lazer when it is part of a winning combination. A lazer charge is then consumed at the end of the game round when there are no more wins or at the end of a free drop, and then an entire column is removed.
An alien attack may occur at the end of a game round when there are no more wins, or at the end of a free drop. 1 to 6 columns are randomly selected, and all payout symbols within those columns are removed.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
The wild symbol, all low and high value symbols exist in three sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2 and Mega 3x3. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. a Super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Empty spaces occurring above big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol.
Each symbol drop in the final level causes the blockers to move downwards one step while another row of blockers is added at the top. The final level ends when a blocker reaches the bottom symbol row.
The current active multiplier, and potential remaining redrops are both brought into the final level when the final level is triggered.
A bonus symbol that reaches the top symbol row triggers the bonus game, awarding 5 free drops. The bonus game can not be retriggered.
The current active multiplier, and potential remaining redrops are both brought into the bonus game when bonus mode is triggered.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Orbitfall is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-02-21

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Endless Annihilation: Guaranteed entry to the final level with a boosted start with multiple features at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Play Among the Stars: Guarantees a game round that starts in the final level at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Fleetcall: Guarantees a game round that starts at game level 2 at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One drop with more than 4 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Orbitfall is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-02-21