Key features
Name in English Pirots 4
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines The number of possible paylines vary based on the position of the birds.
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6 rows

Game description
Fresh off their wild west triumph, the fearful four's celebrations were cut short by a Black Hole tearing through the sky, and a space monster emerged and snatched their treasure. With no time to lose, they dove into the vortex just before it sealed. Now, the mission to reclaim their stolen bounty begins, across the stars and beyond.

Pirots 4 is a 6 row by 6 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 8 columns. Central game features are: The four birds that move around the grid collecting gems and feature symbols, the symbol collection meter that counts the number of symbols collected and adds a pending feature symbol release when the meter is full, and the bonus game with free drops.
Wins are generated by the four birds collecting horizontally or vertically adjacent gems, wilds or coins, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three bonus symbols collected by the birds during a game round trigger the free drops bonus game. The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection meter, the collection of additional bonus symbols and the payout level of the gems are all persistent during the bonus game. Bonus symbols collected during bonus mode award additional free drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
There are four types of gems, one for each bird. The birds can only collect the gems that have the same color as the bird. The gems can be upgraded to higher payout levels.
The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the birds collect three bonus symbols during a game round. If one or more feature symbol releases are pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be released as a part of the first free drop.
The super bonus game with free drops is triggered if one of the three collected bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol. The super bonus game starts on 8 rows and 8 columns.
The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective payout level.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of gems next to the bird into the same color as the bird that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert a random number of gems into feature symbols.
The upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of all gems of the same color as the bird that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the gems can increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The upgrade all symbol upgrades all four different colored gems at the same time. The payout level of the gems can increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The Spacecorn symbol places Spacecorn in empty grid spaces when it is collected by a bird. The birds are then able to cross empty spaces one time each to reach additional symbols.
A coin symbol collected by a bird pays its value times the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
A collected Black Hole symbol absorbs all symbols and birds on the game grid and then throws them back onto the game grid again in a different order.
A collected Alien Invasion symbol triggers the Space Bandit to collect symbols column by column in random order.
A collected Yeti horn symbol triggers the Yeti snack time feature where a 4x4 sized freeze zone appears in the center of the game grid with a 2x2 sized Yeti in the center of the freeze zone.
A collected rocket symbol triggers the Fire Minions feature where one to four Fire Minions appear on random positions on the game grid. The Fire Minions set the birds on fire and make them start a fire marathon.

Game rules
Pirots 4 is a 6 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns.
Pirots 4 is a 6 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns.
Pirots 4 is a 6 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 column in base and bonus game. The Inferno coin game is played on a 9 rows by 9 columns game grid.
All drops in normal mode start with gems on payout level 1 and with a grid size of 6 rows by 6 columns.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Pirots 4 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
Pirots 4 has four collecting bird symbols that can move around the game grid. Each bird is paired with a gem of the same color as the bird.
The birds can collect gems of the same color as the bird and all feature symbols.
The birds collect symbols by moving to horizontally or vertically adjacent collectable symbols.
Paying symbols consist of gems, coins and wild symbols.
Wins are generated by a bird moving and collecting paying symbols.
Gems can be individually upgraded to higher payout levels, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The birds continue to collect until they cannot collect any more symbols. A bird can move multiple times before a symbol refill occurs. Collected symbols and activated feature symbols are removed from the game grid. Thereafter, all remaining symbols and birds move vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in from above to fill the empty spaces. The feature continues as long as at least one bird can move.
Above the game grid there is a symbol collection meter. The meter keeps track of the collected symbols. Only gems and wild symbols collected by any of the four birds count. The symbol collection meter continues to count collected symbols until the birds can't collect more symbols.
The Space Bandit doesn't contribute to the collection meter and the collection meter is disabled during the Alien Invasion feature. The birds are unable to collect symbols during the Alien Invasion feature.
The Yeti doesn't contribute to the collection meter during the Yeti snack time feature.
The Fire Minions don't contribute to the collection meter during the Fire Minions feature.
When the symbol collection meter is full, one pending feature symbol release is added.
Up to three feature symbol releases can be kept pending. All pending feature symbol releases are awarded simultaneously.
Corner bombs are located in each inner corner of the space station. Each corner bomb is assigned a random bird's color at the start of the round and randomized at the start of every free drop in the bonus game.
If a bird collects a symbol on top of a corner bomb of the same color as the bird, the bomb is activated. A corner bomb detonates when the birds are unable to collect more symbols. It removes all birds from the game grid and removes all gems within a 3x3 area originating from the corner bomb. When it detonates, the corner bomb also removes the connected space station section. Corner bombs expand the game grid, up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns. Symbols fall vertically until they reach a stable resting position, new symbols drop in to fill empty positions and the birds return.
A feature symbol release is awarded prior to corner bomb detonating, as a part of the first free drop in the bonus game, or when the birds can't collect any more symbols.
A feature symbol release converts a number of random gems into random feature symbols.
There are ten different types of feature symbols in Pirots 4; bonus, super bonus, wild, coins, upgrade, upgrade all, transform, Spacecorn, Black Hole and Alien Invasion.
There are ten different types of feature symbols in Pirots 4; bonus, super bonus, wild, coins, upgrade, upgrade all, transform, Spacecorn, Black Hole and Yeti horn.
There are ten different types of feature symbols in Pirots 4; bonus, super bonus, wild, coins, upgrade, upgrade all, transform, Spacecorn, Black Hole and rocket.
A collected upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of gems of the same color as the bird that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the gems increases by 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
A collected upgrade all symbol upgrades all four gems simultaneously. The payout level of the gems increases 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The Alien Invasion feature triggers when a bird collects an Alien Invasion symbol. The feature is kept pending and is activated when the birds are unable to collect more symbols.
During the Alien Invasion feature the Space Bandit collect symbols column by column in random order.
The Space Bandit can collect any gem, bird and feature symbol except the Black Hole, Spacecorn and transform symbols which are discarded by the Space Bandit. The Space Bandit activates the corner bomb when collecting symbols on the corner bomb positions. The corner bomb detonates prior to a symbol refill in the Alien Invasion feature.
When collecting a bird the collection by the Space Bandit gets interrupted and a space duel is instigated.
If the Space Bandit wins the space duel, the spaceship multiplier increases and the defeated bird is removed from the game grid for the rest of the feature. The Space Bandit then selects a random column and continues to collect symbols. If the bird defeats the Space Bandit, the Alien Invasion feature ends and the spaceship multiplier is applied to the accumulated value before it is paid out.
During the Alien Invasion feature, the total collected value and the multiplier achieved by the Space Bandit are accumulated and presented on the spaceship.
If the Space Bandit defeats all four birds, the Space Bandit collects all remaining symbols on the game grid and the spaceship multiplier is applied to the accumulated value before it is paid out. Then a random number of coins are placed on the game grid, the feature ends and the birds return.
The Yeti snack time feature triggers when a bird collects a Yeti horn symbol. The feature is kept pending and is activated when the birds are unable to collect more symbols.
During the Yeti snack time feature, a 4x4 sized freeze zone appears in the center of the game grid and a 2x2 sized Yeti is placed in the center of the freeze zone. All birds get scared and fly away when the Yeti appears. Any symbol or bird that are in the 2x2 zone in the center of the freeze zone when the Yeti appears are removed.
If a bird ends up in the freeze zone, the bird get frozen and removed. As a bird gets removed the Yeti multiplier doubles. If a bird ends up in the freeze zone with a collected value when its collection is done, the Yeti multiplier will apply to the collected value of that bird. The removed bird can reappear in the next symbol refill.
During the Yeti snack time feature, there is a random chance that the snowball feature can trigger, detonating between one, two, three or four corner bombs.
When the birds are no longer able to collect symbols, the Yeti exits the game grid and the Yeti snack time feature ends.
The Fire Minions feature triggers when a bird collects a rocket symbol. Fire Minions appear in an inactive pending state on the grid when the birds are unable to collect more symbols in the current game grid. The feature activates when the birds are no longer able to collect symbols, pending feature releases have been released and corner bombs have detonated.
During the Fire Minions feature between one to four Fire Minions appear on random positions on the game grid.
If a bird ends up in a horizontally, vertically or diagonally adjacent position to a Fire Minion, the bird gets lit on fire and starts a fire marathon. During the fire marathon the burning bird runs a random number of vertical or horizontal steps in random directions. When the fire marathon ends the bird is removed. Removed birds can drop in during the next symbol refill. If a burning bird ends its fire marathon next to another bird, that bird will start a fire marathon as well.
Each symbol position run over during the fire marathon is marked by a mystery fire. When the fire marathon is done, all mystery fires reveals a gem or a coin. If a symbol position is run over multiple times during the fire marathon the mystery fire increases its mystery fire level, for each time it gets run over up to a maximum level of four. All mystery fires of level one reveals the same random gem in each level one position. Level two, three and four reveals coins in increasing values.
A Fire Minion burns all currently adjacent birds and is then removed. If no bird ends up adjacent to a Fire Minion during the Fire Minion feature the Fire Minion is removed before the next drop or free drop.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of gems next to the bird into the same color as the bird that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert a random number of gems into feature symbols.
The Spacecorn symbol places Spacecorn in empty grid spaces when it is collected by a bird. The birds are then able to cross empty spaces one time each to reach additional symbols.
The Lost in Space coin game is triggered when the birds have collected all the collectable symbols on the game grid during the Spacecorn feature. The Lost in Space coin game is activated immediately, and any potentially already activated features are kept pending.
If the birds collect all collectable symbols on the game grid without the Spacecorn feature the Lost in Space coin game is not triggered.
The Lost in Space coin game is played on an 8x8 game grid and start with one bird in each corner. 3 drops are awarded. Landing one or more coins or bridge symbols resets the drop counter to 3.
When no drops remain, the birds can begin to collect. The birds can only collect horizontally or vertically adjacent coins. The birds can use horizontally or vertically adjacent bridges to reach collectable coins. If two or more birds are connected by the same coins, the collected bird value becomes collectable for the next bird to collect the same coins.
When the Lost in Space coin game ends, the total collected value is paid out and the birds return to the main game and the game round continues.
The Frozen Fury coin game is triggered when the birds have collected all the collectable symbols on the game grid during the Spacecorn feature. The Frozen Fury coin game is activated immediately, and any potentially already activated features are kept pending.
If the birds collect all collectable symbols on the game grid without the Spacecorn feature the Frozen Fury coin game is not triggered.
The Frozen Fury coin game is played on an 8x8 game grid with a 4x4 sized freeze zone in the center in which a 2x2 Yeti is placed in the center. The game starts with a bird in each corner and some coins on the game grid, and 3 drops are awarded. Landing one or more coins, birds or ice bridge symbols resets the drop counter to 3.
The birds can begin to collect coins instantly if a coin ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to a bird. The birds can use horizontally or vertically adjacent ice bridges to reach collectable coins. When there are no more drops, all bird counters are added to the total win counter.
If a bird ends up in the freeze zone, the bird gets frozen and removed. As a bird gets removed the Yeti multiplier doubles. If a bird ends up in the freeze zone with a collected value when its collection is done, the Yeti multiplier will apply to the collected value of that bird and add it to the total win counter. The removed bird can reappear in the next drop.
When the Frozen Fury coin game ends, the birds return to the main game and new symbols drop in.
The Inferno coin game is triggered when the birds have collected all the collectable symbols on the game grid during the Spacecorn feature. The Inferno coin game is activated immediately, and any potentially already activated features are kept pending.
If the birds collect all collectable symbols on the game grid without the Spacecorn feature the Inferno coin game is not triggered.
The Inferno coin game is played on a 9x9 game grid and starts with one bird in each corner, four Fire Minions and a don't press button in the center of the game grid. 3 drops are awarded. Landing one or more coins, birds or Fire Minions resets the drop counter to 3.
The birds can begin to collect coins instantly if a coin ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to a bird. All collected coins are added to the total win counter. The Inferno coin game ends when there are no more drops.
If a bird ends up in a horizontally, vertically or diagonally adjacent position to a Fire Minion, the bird gets lit on fire and starts a fire marathon. During the fire marathon the burning bird runs a random number of vertical or horizontal steps in random directions. When the fire marathon ends the bird is removed. Removed birds drop in during the next drop. If a burning bird ends its fire marathon horizontally or vertically adjacent to another bird, that bird will start a fire marathon as well.
Each symbol position run over during the fire marathon is marked by a mystery fire. When the fire marathon is done, all mystery fire positions reveal coins. If a symbol position is run over multiple times during the fire marathon the mystery fire increases its mystery fire level for each time it gets run over up to a maximum level of four. In the Inferno coin game all mystery fires of levels one, two, three or four reveals coins in increasing values.
If an already existing coin is run over during the fire marathon it will increase its coin value each time it gets run over.
If a bird reaches the don't press button through collecting coins the Charlie feature is triggered. The birds can't press the don't press button while on fire during a fire marathon.
During the Charlie feature each bird currently in view gets lit on fire and starts a fire marathon. Fire Minions can drop in during the Charlie feature.
When no more drops remain there is a random chance that the Charlie feature will be retriggered.
When the Inferno coin game ends, the birds return to the main game and new symbols drop in.
Charlie's extra chance feature can be randomly triggered when the birds are unable to collect any more symbols. It activates one, two, three or four corner bombs. The bombs detonate simultaneously and the birds leave the game grid. The remaining symbols then fall vertically until they reach a stable resting position, new symbols drop in to fill empty positions and the birds return.
The snowball feature can be randomly triggered when the birds are unable to collect any more symbols. It activates one, two, three or four corner bombs. The bombs detonate simultaneously and the birds leave the game grid. The remaining symbols then fall vertically until they reach a stable resting position, new symbols drop in to fill empty positions and the birds return.
The fireball feature can be randomly triggered when the birds are unable to collect any more symbols. It activates one, two, three or four corner bombs. The bombs detonate simultaneously and the birds leave the game grid. The remaining symbols then fall vertically until they reach a stable resting position, new symbols drop in to fill empty positions and the birds return.
The space station surrounding the original game grid has four sections, and it acts as a tunnel when at least one of the sections is removed by a detonated corner bomb. A bird can move through the tunnel when it can collect the symbols at the entrance and at the end of the tunnel. Each tunnel section can reveal up to two feature symbols, which are collected as the bird passes by.
A space portal becomes available in a corner when the game grid has expanded to its maximum size and the space station section in the corner has been removed. Birds can teleport between them if collectable symbols are on top of two or more space portals.
A collected Black Hole symbol triggers the Black Hole feature, which is activated when the birds are unable to collect any more symbols. The Black Hole feature absorbs all symbols and birds on the game grid and then throws them back onto the game grid again in a different order. One, two or three birds can be removed by the Black Hole. All gems of the same color as a removed bird turn into the color of one or more of the returning birds.
A collected Black Hole symbol triggers the Black Hole feature, which is activated when the birds are unable to collect any more symbols. The Black Hole feature absorbs all symbols and birds on the game grid and then throws them back onto the game grid again in a different order. The Yeti remains unaffected if it is on the game grid. One, two or three birds can be removed by the Black Hole. All gems of the same color as a removed bird turn into the color of one or more of the returning birds.
A collected Black Hole symbol triggers the Black Hole feature, which is activated when the birds are unable to collect any more symbols. The Black Hole feature absorbs all symbols and birds on the game grid and then throws them back onto the game grid again in a different order. Fire minions remain unaffected if they are on the game grid. One, two or three birds can be removed by the Black Hole. All gems of the same color as a removed bird turn into the color of one or more of the returning birds.
The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective payout level. A bird can't finish a symbol collect on a wild symbol. If a bird ends up on a wild it will move into an empty position.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
Two adjacent birds have a random chance to perform a "Switcheroo" when they can't collect more symbols. If triggered, the birds switch places horizontally or vertically.
A space "Switcheroo" also has a random chance to be triggered by two adjacent birds. If triggered, one of the birds will be moved to the edge of the game grid or to the next symbol it can collect in its trajectory. Gems that are not collectable by that bird doesn't contribute to the collection meter when removed.
The Power Clash feature is triggered when three or more birds end up horizontally or vertically adjacent and are unable to collect more symbols. During the Lost In Space coin game, three or more birds ending up horizontally or vertically adjacent does not trigger the Power Clash feature.
The Power Clash feature is triggered when three or more birds end up horizontally or vertically adjacent and are unable to collect more symbols. During the Frozen Fury coin game, three or more birds ending up horizontally or vertically adjacent does not trigger the Power Clash feature.
The Power Clash feature is triggered when three or more birds end up horizontally or vertically adjacent and are unable to collect more symbols. During the Inferno coin game, three or more birds ending up horizontally or vertically adjacent does not trigger the Power Clash feature.
During the Power Clash feature, the birds clash into one symbol position, removing all gems in a 5x5 area originating from the symbol position of the clash. The birds fly away either horizontally, vertically or diagonally from the clash position. The corner bombs, Alien Invasion, Black Hole, coin, bonus and super bonus symbols are automatically collected or activated if they are in the path of a flying bird. Gems are removed along the path of the flying birds, but they do not count in the symbol collection meter. Other feature symbols are not affected.
During the Power Clash feature, the birds clash into one symbol position, removing all gems in a 5x5 area originating from the symbol position of the clash. The birds fly away either horizontally, vertically or diagonally from the clash position. The corner bombs, Yeti horn, Black Hole, coin, bonus and super bonus symbols are automatically collected or activated if they are in the path of a flying bird. Gems are removed along the path of the flying birds, but they do not count in the symbol collection meter. Other feature symbols are not affected.
During the Power Clash feature, the birds clash into one symbol position, removing all gems in a 5x5 area originating from the symbol position of the clash. The birds fly away either horizontally, vertically or diagonally from the clash position. The corner bombs, rocket, Black Hole, coin, bonus and super bonus symbols are automatically collected or activated if they are in the path of a flying bird. Gems are removed along the path of the flying birds, but they do not count in the symbol collection meter. Other feature symbols are not affected.
The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the birds collect three bonus symbols during an active game round. Five free drops are awarded.
A collected bonus symbol in bonus mode awards one additional free drop except when collected during the Power Clash feature.
The regular bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and columns.
The super bonus game is triggered if one of the three bonus symbols collected is a super bonus symbol.
The super bonus game starts on 8 rows and 8 columns and all upgrade symbols upgrade all gems.
The progress on the symbol collection meter and the payout level of the gems are persistent during the bonus game.
If there is an Alien Invasion feature, corner bomb or feature symbol release pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be activated as a part of the first free drop.
If there is a Yeti snack time feature, corner bomb or feature symbol release pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be activated as a part of the first free drop.
If there is a Fire Minions feature, corner bomb or feature symbol release pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be activated as a part of the first free drop.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Pirots 4 is __RTP__
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-08-22

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game. All free drops are played with the maximum grid size, and all upgrade symbols upgrade all gems at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Lost in Space: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Lost in Space coin game at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Frozen Fury: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Frozen Fury coin game at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Inferno:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Inferno coin game at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Alien Invasion: 
One drop where the Alien Invasion feature is triggered at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. Super bonus is guaranteed if the bonus game is triggered.
Yeti Snack Time: 
One drop where the Yeti snack time feature is triggered at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. Super bonus is guaranteed if the bonus game is triggered.
Fire Minions: 
One drop where the Fire Minions feature is triggered at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. Super bonus is guaranteed if the bonus game is triggered.
Bonus Hunt: 
One drop with quadruple the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Pirots 4 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-08-22