Key features
Name in English Tropicool 4
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 46,656 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6 rows

Game description
Tropicool is back with an enhanced set of features, still with the same characteristic theme and superior Cool Reel mechanics.

Tropicool 4 is a 6 columns by 6 rows slot with dropping symbols, big symbols, all win ways and a feature Cool Reel. The feature Cool Reel is up to 3 rows, this is to provide even more features and big symbols. The Locked Wild features and multipler symbols remains, so do Row Swap mechanics and Mystery symbols.

The bonus game is triggered by 3 or more Bonus symbols to run 6 or more free drops.
All win ways with 46,656 ways.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Player gets 6 or more free drops. Locked Wild features and multipliers are persistent over the free drops for even greater win chances.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The Toucan bird is a walking multiplier that increases the global multiplier for every step and generates free drops.
The Flamingo bird is a walking Wild that generates free drops and increases in size for every step until a max height of 6 symbols.
The Elmo sloth feature removes all payout symbols from multiple rows with a single action.
The Locked Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last up to 3 wins. It is removed after the last winning.
The Row Swap symbol removes all payout symbols on a row and fills the row with matching payout symbols.
The Mystery symbol reveals a symbol at the end of a drop.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.
The Extra Drops symbol adds more free drops in the bonus game.

Game rules
Tropicool 4 is a 6 columns and 6 rows slot with dropping symbols, a 3 row feature Cool Reel and 46,656 ways to win.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost column and only pay from left to right on consecutive columns. No gaps between the columns are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, Normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The Cool Reel on the top of the main grid comprises 3 rows with feature symbols, empty ice cubes and empty cells. Feature symbols become active when they drop down into the main grid. Ice cubes are spacers.
A game round starts in Normal mode with new symbols dropping into the main grid and new feature symbols sliding in from the right in the Cool Reel.
Each winning combination in the main grid is paid and the symbols, except unspent Locked Wild symbols, are removed from the grid while the remaining symbols drop down. The feature symbols in the Cool Reel above empty cells drop down into the main grid followed by new symbols refilling the main grid. 

The Cool Reel is refilled from the right, pushing all symbols to the left. Any new winning combinations are paid and this avalanche repeats until no more wins. Any Mystery symbols, Row Swap symbols, Grid Flip and Bonus triggers will then be activated in that order.
Any paying and feature symbol except the Elmo, Birds, Grid Flip, Multiplier and bonus symbols can appear as big symbols in size of 2x2 and 3x3.
Big symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 symbols they cover. I.e. a 2x2 big symbol is 4 regular symbols and a 3x3 big symbol is 9 regular symbols.
A big feature symbol dropping down from the Cool Reel into the main grid will crush and remove underlying paying symbols and fall down to the bottom. Feature and big symbols cannot be crushed and will therefore stop a big symbol from falling down further.
If an entire big symbol cannot completely drop down from the Cool Reel into the main grid, it will split into regular 1x1 symbols allowing some of them to drop down.
A big symbol in the main grid with at least 1 empty cell below it, will crush and remove underlying symbols and fall down to the bottom. Feature and big symbols cannot be crushed and will therefore stop the big symbol from further falling down.
If a big symbol drop ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill the empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol.
The Flamingo symbol is a walking Wild symbol that appears in size 1x2 or 1x3 symbols.
The Flamingo walks 1 column to the right and rewards a free drop when there are no more wins in view. For every step to the right the Flamingo also increases 1 symbol in height to a maximum of 6 symbols. This cycle will repeat until the Flamingo has left the rightmost column.
The Toucan symbol is a walking Multiplier symbol that appears in size of 1x3 symbols.
The Toucan walks 1 column to the right and rewards a free drop when there are no more wins in view. For every step to the right the Toucan also increases the global multiplier with x1. This cycle will repeat until the Toucan has left the right most column. The global multiplier will be kept active until the end of the game round.
The Elmo symbol clears payout symbols on multiple rows when there are no more wins in view.
Elmo drops down as inactive in size 1x1. Elmo will become active whenever space allows him to grow to size 1x2 or 1x3.
An active Elmo symbol removes all symbols on the same rows as it covers. Feature and bonus symbols will not be removed.
The Locked Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last up to 3 wins. It is removed after the last win.
Locked Wild symbols remain in the main grid and between free drops in the bonus game.
The Mystery symbols are revealed when there are no more winnings in a symbol drop. All Mystery symbols will reveal the same payout symbol or a feature symbol, except bird symbols.
The Row Swap feature symbol replaces all symbols on a row to matching payout symbol. 1 of the paying symbols on the row is selected to replace all other symbols on the same row. If the Flamingo is selected it will replace all symbols with Wild symbols. The feature is activated at the end of the avalanche after any winnings, Mystery symbols and Grid Flip symbols are revealed.
Different Row Swap feature symbols on separate rows may replace to different symbols.
Any additional Row Swap feature symbols on the same row will extend the symbol replacement to its column.
Any symbol position that would be replaced to different symbols due to 2 Row Swap actions, will be replaced to a Wild symbol.
A big paying symbol in a Row Swap will be completely replaced. If it is part of 2 or more Row Swaps that would replace with different symbols, it will instead be replaced with a Wild symbol.
A big Row Swap feature symbol will replace all symbols on the covered rows to the same symbol.
Elmo, Toucan and bonus symbols in a Row Swap will be temporarily replaced for a possible winning combination, and then revert back.
Wild symbols will not be replaced in a Row Swap.
The Grid Flip symbol trigger the columns (1 and 6, 2 and 5, 3 and 4) to switch position on the grid and then becomes a Wild symbol. The Grid Flip symbol executes when no additional winning combinations appear.
The Multiplier Symbol adds x1, x2 or x3 to the win multiplier when dropped down from the Cool Reel.
3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the main grid at the end of a symbol drop in normal mode triggers the free drops bonus game.
	• 3 Bonus symbols: 6 free drops
	• 4 Bonus symbols: 9 free drops
	• 5 Bonus symbols: 12 free drops
	• 6 Bonus symbols: 15 free drops
In the bonus game, the Cool Reel also contains extra drop symbols, which adds 1, 2 or 3 extra free drops when dropping down from the Cool Reel.
The bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the grid and new feature symbols in the Cool Reel. The Cool Reel is re-populated with new feature symbols for every free drop. Locked Wild symbols in the main grid remain between free drops until fully used.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2024-12-11

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS: 
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game, with a guaranteed Elmo symbol in each free drop. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:                                                       	
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
DOUBLE BIRDS:                                                              
Buy a game round with guaranteed both Birds on the grid. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
LOCKED WILDS:                                                   
Buy a game round with 3 Locked Wilds initially dropping into the grid. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS HUNT: 
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2024-12-11