Key features
Name in English Nightmaker
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines up to 25,000 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 5 rows

Game description
Nightmaker is a 5 columns by 5 rows slot with spinning symbols, all win ways, Wild features, symbol multiplier, split and big 3x5 symbols.
All win ways with up to 25,000 ways.
The bonus game is triggered by 3 bonus symbols which awards 8 free spins. In the bonus game one payout symboltype has a persistant multiplier attached to it. The super bonus game will be triggered in case at least one of the 3 bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol. In the super bonus game the super bonus symbol becomes a jumping Wild that moves to a new symbol position after each win and between free spin.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
Any paying symbol can appear as a big symbol in size of 3x5 and big symbols can only appear across reels 2, 3 and 4.
The Wild Spirit affects 1-3 symbol positions, which can result in between 1-6 wild symbols on the top positions of the affected column.
The Wildfire feature triggers when there is a wild symbol in the affected column, the feature replaces all symbols in the column with Wild symbols.
The symbol multiplier feature adds the multiplier value to all symbols of the selected symbol type in the affected column.
The split feature splits all symbols, except bonus symbols in the affected column. A symbol can only be split once and the max amount of symbols in a column is 10.
3 bonus symbols appearing anywhere in the main grid at the end of a symbol spin in normal mode triggers the 8 free spins.
The super bonus game will be triggered in case at least one of the 3 bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol.

Game rules
Nightmaker is a 5 columns and 5 rows slot with spinning symbols, a feature row and up to 25,000 ways to win.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost column and only pay from left to right on consecutive columns. No gaps between the columns are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. An active payline is defined as the longest winning symbol combination that is formed during a game round.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, Normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
All Wild symbols are indestructible until reaching the bottom of the game grid. At the bottom of the grid, they get removed with the next win.
Any Wild symbols stacked on a Wild symbol connected to the bottom of the grid will also be removed with the next win.
A game round starts with new symbols displayed in the feature row, and the symbols in the main grid spinning in. The 4 corners in the main grid are blocked in the base game.
The features in the feature row activates immediately and only affects symbols in the affected column. 
Each winning combination in the main grid pays and the symbols are removed from the grid. 
Gravity applies on the remaining symbols. Used feature symbols respins and new symbols drop into the grid. 
Any new winning combinations are paid and this avalanche cycle repeats until no more wins appear.
Any paying symbol can appear as a big symbol in the size 3x5 spaning across reels 2, 3 and 4 on any initial spin.
In the Beast spins there is only big symbols spaning across reels 2,3 and 4.
Big symbols on reels 2,3 and 4 are split into 15 regular 1x1 symbols. Features apply to their respective columns. The Wild Spirit feature activates prior to splitting the big symbol and applies to the big symbol.
The rattle feature can trigger on any initial spin in base game. The rattle feature awards 1 to 3 big symbols in the size 3x5 that spans across reels 2, 3 and 4
The Wild Spirit affects 1-3 symbol positions, which can result in between 1-6 wild symbols on the top positions of the affected column. If there already is a Wild symbol or bonus symbol on the top position, the spawned Wild symbols will take the next available positions from the top. If there is no available symbol position in the column, the Wild spirit feature keeps the Wild symbols indestructible for 1 additional win. The spawned Wild symbol receive the multiplier of the symbol it replaces.
The Wildfire feature triggers if there is a Wild symbol in the affected column. The Wildfire feature replaces all symbols, except bonus symbols, in the column with Wild symbols. The  Wildfire feature keeps the Wild symbols indestructible for 1 additional win.
The highest Wild multiplier value in the affected column will be added to all wild symbols in that column. If there is a symbol multiplier with a higher multiplier value in the affected column, that specific wild symbol on that position will keep the higher multiplier value.
The Split feature splits all symbols except bonus symbols and jumping Wild symbols in the affected column. A symbol can only be split once and the maximum number of symbols in a column is 10.
The symbol multiplier feature adds the multiplier value to all symbols of the indicated symbol type in view in the affected column. Wild symbol multiplier will not affect the jumping Wild symbol.
3 bonus symbols appearing anywhere in the main grid at the end of a game round in normal mode triggers 8 free spins. 
In the bonus game one payout symbol type is selected. The selected symbol type gets a persistent multiplier value attached to it. The 4 corners are now unlocked and increase the ways to win. 
Landing a bonus symbol or a jumping Wild symbol in one of the 4 corners of the game grid generates +2 free spins and the corner turns into a blocker.
Landing bonus symbols in all 4 corner in the bonus game activates Beast Spins. 
Only big symbols in the size 3x5 can appear on reels 2,3 and 4 during Beast Spins.
The super bonus game will be triggered if at least one of the 3 bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol.
In the super bonus game the super bonus symbol becomes a jumping Wild that moves to a new symbol position after each win and between free spins. The jumping Wild symbol temporarily adopts any current multiplier value on the position it covers
Landing additional super bonus symbols in one of the corners in the bonus game or super bonus games generates an additional jumping Wild.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-10-08

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS: 
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game, with a guaranteed jumping Wild symbol. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:                                                       	
Buy a game round triggering the bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BEAST SPIN:                                                              
Buy a game round with a guaranteed Beast Spin. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
WILD SPINS:                                                   
Buy a game round with at least 1 Wild symbols guaranteed. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the bet.
BONUS HUNT: 
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2025-03-26