Key features
Name in English Nitropolis TV
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Standard 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win, where features can add additional ways.
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Wally's dream of becoming a TV star started way back when he watched his uncle's news reports from Nitropolis, and somewhat naively, he believed that the old tv-set was speaking directly to him, inviting him to join this mysterious world. From that moment he became convinced that if those voices could talk to everyone, so could he.

Nitropolis TV is a slot with 6 columns, 4 rows and spinning reels with all-ways pay. The game has Nitro Reels, big symbols and a special vulture symbol that activates features before turning into a wild. The vulture symbol can trigger four different types of features for both the Nitro Reels and the main reels: Match Up, Nitro Shift, Nitro Upgrade and Both Ways.

Three bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game where all activated Nitro Reels are persistent. A combination of bonus symbols and a super bonus symbol triggers the super bonus game where each free spin starts with a Nitro Reel filled with wild symbols.
Nitropolis TV has up to 4,096 ways to win but Nitro Reels add additional ways. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free spins. A bonus symbol spinning in during the bonus game awards +1 free spin.

All activated Nitro Reels stay persistent throughout the bonus game.

Three bonus symbols, of which one is a super bonus symbol, trigger the super bonus game. Each free spin in the super bonus game starts with a Nitro Reel filled with wild symbols.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the vulture, bonus and super bonus symbols.
A Nitro Reel covers two symbol positions and contains 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12 identical 1x1 payout symbols, or wild symbols.
The vulture symbol triggers one of four features: Match Up, Nitro Shift, Nitro Upgrade or Both Ways. The vulture symbol turns into a wild after the feature activation.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. All activated Nitro Reels remain persistent throughout the bonus game. A bonus symbol spinning in during the bonus game awards +1 free spin.
A combination of bonus symbols and a super bonus symbol triggers the super bonus game where each free spin starts with a Nitro Reel filled with wild symbols.

Game rules
Nitropolis TV is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and an extra special row above the symbol grid with Nitro Reels.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left-to-right only on consecutive reels. In case of Both Ways being active, the wins can also begin with the rightmost reel and pay right-to-left only on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed.
Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Nitropolis TV is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
All spins in normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win.
An active Nitro Reel covers two symbol positions and contains 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12 identical 1x1 payout symbols, or wild symbols. All Nitro Reels are placed on the special row above the symbol grid. Each initial spin may activate one or more randomly sized Nitro Reels.
Nitro Reels that are activated are kept in play until the end of the gameround.
A Nitro Reel spins when it is activated. An activated Nitro Reel respins in case it is a part of a win, and in the beginning of every free spin.
The stars on payout symbols are collected reel by reel and are used to activate and/or increase the size of the Nitro Reel above each reel to contain more symbols. The collection takes place prior to a respin. If a Nitro Reel already has the maximum size of 12, that Nitro Reel will be filled with wild symbols instead.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the vulture, bonus and the super bonus symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
The wild symbol, all low and high value symbols exist in three sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2 and Mega 3x3. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. a Super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
The vulture symbol may land in any spin. It triggers one of four features: Match Up, Nitro Shift, Nitro Upgrade or Both Ways, and then it turns into a wild symbol. The vulture symbol is activated prior to the win evaluation.
The Both Ways feature activates win evaluation from both ends. All subsequent ways connections then pay from left to right starting from the leftmost reel, and from right to left starting from the rightmost reel. The Both Ways feature then remains active until the bonus mode is triggered or the game round ends. If triggered in the bonus game, the Both Ways feature only remains active until the end of the current free spin, but it remains active throughout an entire super bonus game.
The Both Ways feature becomes deactivated in case it is active when bonus mode is triggered.
The Match Up feature chooses a random number of low value symbol types currently in view and replaces all of their symbol instances with the same high value symbol, or wild symbols. The replacement occurs before the win evaluation.
The Nitro Shift feature swaps places of a random number of Nitro Reels to try to create a win or extend an existing win. A shift might include an inactive Nitro Reel. The swaps occur before the win evaluation.
The Nitro Upgrade feature activates a random number of inactive Nitro Reels, and/or increases the size of already activated Nitro Reels to contain more symbols. If a Nitro Reel selected for upgrade is already at the maximum size of 12, that Nitro Reel will be filled with wild symbols instead.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free spins.
3 bonus symbols: 8 free spins
4 bonus symbols: 10 free spins
5 bonus symbols: 12 free spins
6 bonus symbols: 14 free spins
A combination of bonus symbols and a super bonus symbol triggers the Super Bonus Game where every free spin starts with a Nitro Reel filled with wild symbols, and the Both Ways feature is active throughout the entire bonus round.
During free spins, all activated Nitro Reels are kept and remain in play for the remaining free spins.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Nitropolis TV is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-01-08

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the super bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. Each free spin starts with a Nitro Reel filled with wild symbols, and the Both Ways feature is active throughout the entire bonus round.
Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Showtime: Guarantees a spin where an activated Nitro Reel is filled with wild symbols, the Both Ways feature is activated, and guarantees a vulture symbol at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Spotlight: Guarantees a game round that triggers a vulture symbol at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than 4 times the chance to trigger the bonus and super bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Nitropolis TV is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-01-08