Key features
Name in English Oxygen 2
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster Wins
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 7 rows

Game description
Oxygen 2 is a 6 columns, 7 rows slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins. The main features are the oxygen bubbles with multipliers, big symbols, seven different types of Wild symbols, a Jellyfish feature, an Octopus feature, a Multiplier Strike feature and a bonus game with free drops.
Oxygen 2 is a cluster game where 5 or more vertically or horizontally connected identical symbols trigger a win.
A combination of three bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the bonus game with free drops. A combination of four bonus symbols triggers the super bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
The Exploding Wild activates an explode feature when it is part of a winning cluster. The explode feature removes all payout symbols within two cone shaped areas facing up and down from itself or to the left and the right from itself. The feature triggers when no more winning combinations appear. Exploding Wilds and Blaster Wilds within the cone shaped areas will be activated.
The Super Exploding Wild is an Exploding Wild that also activates all unactivated oxygen bubbles behind the exploded symbols.
The Blaster Wild is a Wild symbol that triggers a Blaster feature when it is part of a winning cluster. The Blaster feature selects a random payout symbol or Wild symbol and replaces all payout symbols in an X- or Plus- shaped trajectory with the selected symbol. Any Exploding Wilds or other Blaster Wilds along its trajectory will be activated. Symbols affected by multiple Blaster Wild trajectories will turn into regular Wild symbols.
The Jellyfish feature is a random feature. One or more Jellyfish arrive carrying multipliers. Each Jellyfish will stop at a random number of symbol positions. On each symbol position where a Jellyfish stops, the Jellyfish will add the carried multiplier. If there already is a multiplier where a Jellyfish stops, the existing multiplier will be added to the Jellyfish multiplier and the Jellyfish multiplier will be added to the existing multiplier.
An Octopus can randomly appear on the game grid and place itself behind one symbol position. The Octopus feature is triggered if you win on the symbol position with the Octopus, at the same time as there is at least one available multiplier on the game grid outside of the winning cluster. The Octopus feature will then add a random selection of the available multipliers outside of the winning cluster to the win, increasing the win multiplier.
3 bonus symbols trigger the bonus game. 4 bonus symbols trigger the super bonus game. The bonus game can be retriggered.

Game rules
Oxygen 2 is a 6 columns x 7 rows slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are connected vertically or horizontally. Only the largest cluster of the connecting symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
Oxygen 2 uses the Avalanche mechanic: The game starts with a symbol drop. All winning symbols are collected and are either exploded or, if the symbol is a special wild, activated to be exploded later. Remaining symbols are affected by gravity, meaning they will fall vertically until they reach a resting position. New symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The avalanche continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The first time a symbol explodes, an oxygen bubble is activated. Every time a symbol explodes on the bubble position the multiplier value is doubled (the activated oxygen bubble counts as x1). Oxygen bubbles are not affected by gravity. All oxygen bubbles and their multiplier values are persistent between free drops in bonus mode.
The Multiplier Strike feature places a random amount multipliers on the symbol grid. The multiplier strike feature can trigger in any symbol drop or free drop.
The Jellyfish feature is a random feature. One or more Jellyfish arrive carrying multipliers. Each Jellyfish will stop at a random number of symbol positions. On each symbol position where a Jellyfish stops, the Jellyfish will add the carried multiplier. If there already is a multiplier where a Jellyfish stops, the existing multiplier will be added to the Jellyfish multiplier and the Jellyfish multiplier will be added to the existing multiplier.
An Octopus can randomly appear on the game grid and place itself behind one symbol position. The Octopus feature is triggered if you win on the symbol position with the Octopus. The Octopus feature will then add a random selection of the available multipliers outside of the winning cluster to the win, increasing the win multiplier.
The Exploding Wild activates an explode feature when it is part of a winning cluster. The explode feature removes all payout symbols within two cone shaped areas facing up and down from itself or to the left and the right from itself. The feature triggers when no more winning combinations appear. Exploding Wilds and Blaster Wilds within the cone shaped areas will be activated.
The Super Exploding Wild activates all unactivated oxygen bubbles behind the exploded symbols.
The Blaster Wild triggers when it is part of a winning cluster. The Blaster feature selects a random payout symbol or Wild symbol. The Blaster Wild will then explode and replace all payout symbols with the selected symbol in an X- or Plus- shaped pattern. Any Exploding Wilds or other Blaster Wilds along the pattern will be activated. Symbols affected by multiple Blaster Wild patterns will turn into Wild symbols.
Symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may appear in any symbol drop. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols. The big symbols can also have their own multiplier.
3 bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 10 free drops. Multipliers are persistent when entering the bonus game and between freedrops. The Octopus is persistent in the bonus game. The Octopus moves to a random position in the beginning of each free drop.
4 bonus symbols trigger the super bonus game. During the super bonus game, the Jellyfish feature will be triggered in every free drop.
The bonus game and super bonus game can be retriggered.
4 bonus symbols, upgrade to super bonus +7 free drops
3 bonus symbols, +5 free drops
2 bonus symbols, +3 free drops
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-01-13

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS: 
Guarantees entry to the super bonus game with a minimum of one Jellyfish feature and one Octopus feature in each free drop at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS: 
Guarantees entry to the bonus game with an Octopus feature in each free drop at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
OCTO STRIKE: 
One drop that guarantees an Octopus feature and at least one Multiplier Strike feature at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
SPECIAL WILDS: 
One drop that guarantees at least three special wilds at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT: 
One game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2025-01-09
Three bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game.
In bonus mode, all multiplier values are persistent between free drops. The Octopus also appears on a random position during each free drop. The bonus game can be retriggered.
Four bonus symbols trigger the super bonus game.
In the super bonus game, the Jellyfish feature will be triggered during each free drop.
Symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may appear in any symbol drop. Big symbols can have multipliers.
When the Blaster Wild explodes, a random payout symbol or Wild symbol is selected and replaces all payout symbols in either an X-shape or a Plus-shape from the Blaster Wild's position.
The Exploding Wild removes all payout symbols within two cone shaped areas up and down from itself, or to the left and the right from itself.
The Super Exploding Wild is an Exploding Wild that also activates any unactivated oxygen bubbles behind the removed symbols.
Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
All symbols which were part of a winning combination are removed. The remaining symbols fall vertically. New symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces.
Winning symbols will explode and activate an Oxygen Bubble or double its multiplier.
The Jellyfish will stop at a random number of symbol positions, increasing the multiplier.
A win on a position with an Octopus triggers the Octopus feature. The Octopus adds additional multipliers to the win multiplier.