Key features
Name in English ZapLab
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster wins (at least 5 connecting symbols)
Jackpot No
Reels 7 columns
Rows 7 rows

Game description
Let's turn back the clock to the early 1900s. In the moonlight inside the laboratory, the mad Dr. Mayhem stands and conducts one of his many controversial experiments to try to harness the souls of the past through electricity. Forged by these spirits and powered by light, Zappy appears, an electrical being that lingered like a distant thunder, ready to strike back!
Years pass and Dr. Mayhem and his experiments fall into oblivion but Zappy remains...

ZapLab is a 7 row, 7 column charged cluster slot that comes with wilds, symbol upgrades, wild flips, big symbols, Zappy, a Monster Meter and Shockwaves - all packed into a potential of 10,000x!

The Monster Meter awards random feature symbols and random Monster features, such as redrops, wild flips, symbol upgrades, big symbols and Dr. Mayhem symbols which are attacked by Zappy.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected. The RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
No bonus game per say. Filling the Monster Meter the fifth time triggers Shockwaves, which grants all Monster Features and holds the equivalent value of a bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
The Omniblast explodes and replaces all payout symbols in an X-shape with a randomly selected symbol.
The Electroshift selects a random payout symbol and upgrades all the symbol instances, including itself, to a more valuable symbol.
Twilight Twirl selects a random payout symbol and removes all other payout symbols except the selected one from the symbol grid.
Zappy is wild and substitutes for all payout symbols. He attacks and zaps Dr. Mayhem symbols off the symbol grid, and leaves a wild symbol behind. Zappy's multiplier increases with each zap attack, and he may expand up to 2x2, 3x3, or 4x4 during the last attack.
Dr. Mayhem is a blocker that is zapped off the symbol grid by Zappy.

Game rules
ZapLab is a 7 rows, 7 columns slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected. Only the largest cluster of the connected identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected. Thereafter, all symbols that were part of a winning combination, except Zappy and feature symbols, are removed. The remaining symbols, except Zappy, Dr. Mayhem and feature symbols, move vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in from above to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Payout symbols which are part of a winning cluster are collected and increase the Monster Meter. Each exploded symbol position increases the Monster Meter by one step, and the Monster Meter has a total of 25 steps except in X-iter mode Shockwaves Hunt where it has 20 steps and in Shockwaves where it has 150 steps. A full Monster Meter awards a randomly selected feature symbol or a randomly selected Monster feature. Potential feature symbols are: Omniblast, Electroshift and Twilight Twirl. Potential Monster features are: Monster Reload, Wild Flip, Monster Chunks, Monstrous and Zapocalypse. Filling the Monster Meter for the fifth time triggers Shockwaves.
Features that are to be awarded from a filled Monster Meter are kept pending until there are no more wins. The pending feature is activated and the game round is played through until there are no more wins before the next feature is activated.
Flashing colors on the Monster Meter indicate which feature is awarded when the meter is full. Pending features are indicated by a static color light. The following color mapping is used:
* Orange - feature symbol
* Turquoise - Monster Reload  
* Blue - Wild Flip
* Green - Monster Chunks
* Purple - Monstrous
* Pink - Zapocalypse
The Monster Reload feature triggers a new symbol drop at the end of the game round when there are no more wins. Potential Zappy symbols remain during the redrop.
The Wild Flip feature is triggered at the end of the game round when there are no more wins. It randomly selects a payout symbol type on the symbol grid and replaces all its instances with wild symbols.
The Monster Chunks feature is triggered at the end of the game round when there are no more wins. It selects a random number of payout or wild symbols on the symbol grid and replaces them with 2x2 symbols.
The Monstrous feature is triggered at the end of the game round when there are no more wins. It randomly selects a payout or wild symbol on the symbol grid and expands it up to 3x3, 4x4 or 5x5.
The Zapocalypse feature is triggered at the end of the game round when there are no more wins. A random number of Dr. Mayhem symbols drop in, replacing existing symbols and triggering a zap attack by Zappy.
Shockwaves is triggered when the Monster Meter has been filled five times. It awards all Monster features, but they are activated and played through one by one. The game round is played through until there are no more wins before the next Monster feature is activated. The Monster features are activated in the following order:
* Monster Reload
* Wild Flip
* Monster Chunks
* Monstrous
* Zapocalypse 
The cycle repeats in case the Monster Meter is filled again during Shockwaves.
There are three feature symbols which can drop in during any symbol drop, or be awarded by the Monster Meter: Omniblast, Electroshift and Twilight Twirl. The feature symbols are also wild when they drop onto the symbol grid as part of a symbol drop.
The feature symbol is immediately triggered when it is awarded by the Monster Meter, but is not triggered until it is part of a winning cluster if it drops in. The feature is activated after the symbol refill.
Feature symbols awarded by the Monster Meter are placed on the symbol grid after the symbol refill.
The feature symbols are activated in the following order if several are activated in the same symbol refill.
* Omniblast
* Electroshift
* Twilight Twirl
A wild feature symbol is only activated for the first winning cluster if it is part of additional winning combinations.
The Omniblast symbol transforms itself and all payout symbols in an X-shaped pattern into the same randomly selected payout symbol. Feature symbols are activated when hit by the Omniblast beam. Wild, Zappy and Dr. Mayhem symbols are not affected.
The Electroshift selects a random payout symbol on the symbol grid and upgrades all its instances and itself to a more valuable symbol.
The Twilight Twirl randomly selects a payout symbol type, converts itself to the same type and removes all other payout symbols. Wild, feature symbols, Zappy and Dr. Mayhem symbols are not affected.
4 identical payout or wild symbols in a square formation on the symbol grid merge into a 2x2 symbol of the same type.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol.
The wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
Zappy is a wild symbol that can drop in during any symbol drop. He jumps to a new randomly selected position when he is part of a winning cluster. Zappy leaves a wild symbol behind and immediately attacks all Dr. Mayhem symbols, zapping them off the symbol grid prior to the win evaluation. Each zap attack increases Zappy's multiplier.
Zappy may expand up to 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 during the last zap attack prior to the win evaluation.
Dr. Mayhem is a blocker symbol that can drop in during any symbol drop. The Monster Meter increases when a Dr. Mayhem symbol is zapped off the symbol grid by Zappy.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in ZapLab is __RTP__
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-03-27

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Maxed Monster: One drop with a Monstrous drop of 5x5, and the Monster Meter only awards Monster Chunks and Monstrous features until Shockwaves is triggered at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Shockwaves: Guarantees a game round where Shockwaves is triggered at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Amplifier: One drop with a pending feature from the Monster Meter, and the Monster Meter only awards Monster features at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Zappy's Turf: One drop with a guaranteed Zappy at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Shockwaves Hunt: One drop with more than 3 times the chance to trigger Shockwaves at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in ZapLab is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-03-27