Key features
Name in English Mine Defender
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Scattered symbols of 7 or more
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 6 rows

Game description
Mine Defender is a slot with 5 columns, 6 rows, dropping symbols, scatter wins and Hero drops with a battle between the Hero and the enemies trying to defeat each other.
Wins are paid for any group of 7 or more identical symbols scattered all over the grid.
The Bonus game is triggered by collecting 3 Bonus symbols. The Bonus game is played with 10 columns in a cirlce as radiuses around the hero.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The regular Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol.
3 collected Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus game.
Enemy with 1 life.
Enemy with 2 life.
Enemy with 3 life.
2x2 Mini Boss enemy with 10 life.
3x3 Final Boss enemy with 50 life.
The Life symbol adds a life to the Hero. Max is 3.
The Shot symbol adds 1 shot to the Hero. Max is 3.
The Spread symbol upgrades shot to 3 projectiles.
Mystery box symbol reveals features or enemies.
The Coin symbol gives an instant pay of its value multiplied with the global multiplier.
The Multiplier symbol adds its value to the global multiplier.
The Airstrike feature symbol deals 3 damage to each of 1-6 enemy positions, including bosses.
The Laser feature deals 3 damage to all enemies and bosses in a straight line.
The Pushback symbol feature moves enemies and bosses 1 step back away from the Hero.
The Bomb symbol feature deals 3 damage to all enemies and bosses on the grid.

Game rules
Mine Defender is a slot with 5 columns, 6 rows, dropping symbols, scatter wins and Hero drops with a battle between the Hero and the enemies trying to defeat each other.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning combination consists of at least 7 identical symbols scattered anywhere. Only the largest amount of such identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode.
The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
A game round starts with a new set of symbols filling the grid, a reset global multiplier, one Hero life and one shot.
Symbols drop onto the grid, feature symbols are collected, used and replaced with new symbols. Wins are evaluated, paid out, and the winning symbols removed. Remaining symbols on the grid drop by gravity, and empty spaces are filled with new symbols coming from above. The cycle repeats while the player continues to win.
As symbols drop, enemies may enter the grid randomly. This triggers Hero drops where the Hero and his enemies try to defeat each other in battle.
In Hero drops, enemies are shot at by the Hero. Defeated enemies are replaced with feature or payout symbols before any win evaluation happens. After evaluation, enemies on the bottom row will attack the Hero. Other enemies walk one step closer to the bottom of the screen, unless blocked. In case there are no wins at all, all payout symbols are removed and new symbols drop in.
A life symbol add one life to the Hero, up to a maximum of 3.
A shot symbol increases the number of shots the Hero can fire in each shooting round. The maximum number of shots is 3.
A spread symbol enables the Hero to shoot 3 projectiles for each shot in shooting rounds.
A bonus symbol is collected towards a bonus game trigger.
A coin symbol pays an instant win of the displayed value multiplied by the bet and by the global multiplier.
A multiplier symbol adds to the global multiplier. The first multiplier symbol collected sets the global multiplier to the value of the symbol collected. All winning combinations and instant coin wins are multiplied by this value.
A mystery symbol spawn an enemy, a feature or a Wild symbol.
Enemies can enter the grid at any position. They have 1, 2, or 3 life. Enemies move 1 row towards the Hero during each cycle provided there is an empty space to move to.
Enemies hit by a shot from the Hero lose 1 life and enemies with no life left are defeated.
Enemies at the bottom row will attack the Hero and be destroyed or, instead, randomly malfunction and destroy themselves and all other enemies or Mini Boss on the same row.
A defeated or destroyed enemy is replaced by a feature or payout symbol.
When the Hero is attacked by an enemy he loses 1 life. If the Hero has no remaining life he is defeated and the game ends.
The Hero shoots at enemies on the row closest to him. The spread symbol lets the Hero shoot 3 projectiles at once. The direction of the projectiles may vary, and will not always hit an enemy.
The pushback feature moves all enemies one step back. If there is a symbol behind the enemy, the symbol and the enemy will switch places. If an enemy is pushed off the grid it will be defeated. A Mini Boss or a Final Boss will survive and re-enter the grid when possible.
The laser feature fires a beam that defeats all enemies in one column. A Mini Boss or Final Boss that is hit by the laser will lose 3 life.
The airstrike feature hits 1 to 6 enemies, that are defeated. A Mini Boss or Final Boss loses 3 life for each hit from the airstrike.
The bomb feature defeats all enemies on the grid and causes any Mini Boss or Final Boss to lose 3 life.
Mini Bosses randomly appear on the grid as 2x2 sized enemies with 10 life and a trophy coin.
When a Mini Boss is defeated, it is removed from the grid and pays its trophy coin multiplied by the global multiplier.
A Mini Boss will not be destroyed after attacking the Hero, it will be ready to attack again in the next cycle.
The Mini Boss can appear in the base game only.
Collecting 3 bonus symbols triggers the bonus game.
Any multipliers, shots and spread collected in the base game remain when entering the bonus game. Hero life is set to 3.
The bonus game is played on a circular grid with 10 radii and 5 concentric rows with the Hero at the center. In the horizontal direction (left and right) the number of rows is 4. Each symbol moves along a radius from the outer to the inner row of the circle. Enemies attack the Hero from the inner row, in the same way as from the lowest row in the base game.
The bonus game ends when either the Hero is defeated, or the Final Boss mode is triggered.
The laser feature in bonus game fires the laser beam along two opposing radii in both directions.
The Final Boss battle is triggered when 50 enemies including Mini Boss  have been defeated in total, which may happen in base mode or in bonus mode.
The Final Boss battle is played on a 5x6 grid with only enemies, coins and multipliers present. A large, 3x3 sized Final Boss with 50 life and a trophy coin will appear.
The Final Boss is not destroyed after attacking. It will be ready to attack again in the next cycle.
The Final Boss battle continues until either the Final Boss or the Hero is defeated and the game ends.
Defeating the Final Boss pays its trophy coin multiplied by the global multiplier.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-02-24

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
MAXED AMMO BONUS:                                     
Play a game round with a guaranteed Bonus game starting with max ammunition of 3 shots for the Hero. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:                                           
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MAXED AMMO:                                
Play a game round with enemies guaranteed to enter with max ammunition of 3 shots for the Hero. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
HERO DROPS:                                      
Play a game round with guaranteed enemies activating a Hero Drops battle. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:                                      
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger a Bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2025-02-24