Key features
Name in English Heist Guys
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster wins (at least 5 orthogonally connected symbols)
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6 rows

Game description
Rae, Dex and Mira - the three Heist Guys with a personal grudge against the system team up for the ultimate heist: breaking into the heavily fortified vault of the country's most secure bank.

Heist Guys is a 6-row, 6-column cluster slot that comes with super wilds, multipliers, big symbols, a bonus game and all packed into a potential of 10,000x!

The bonus game unfolds as our Heist Guys sneak past guards and loot rooms along their daring hunt for the ultimate super secure safe.
Wins are generated by clusters of five or more connected identical symbols, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game. The bonus game is played on a map with paths, guards, rooms and a vault. All three Heist Guys start at the bottom of the map and move together as a group towards the room with the vault at the top of the map. One map is randomly selected at the start of the bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The super wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbol. It moves to a new random empty position before each symbol refill.
The multiplier value of the super wild symbol increases by one for each winning cluster it contributes to. The current multiplier value of the super wild symbol is applied to the cluster wins it is part of.
The Heist Guys can pick up a keycard in the bonus game that grants access to the vault. At least one Heist Guy must reach the door to the vault to enter it.
The Heist Guys can pick up dynamite in the bonus game that gives access to the special valuable super secure safe. At least one Heist Guy must enter the vault to get to the super secure safe.
Heist Guys can pick up zappers in the bonus game which are used to remove guards from Heist Guys' path towards the vault.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.

Game rules
Heist Guys is a 6 column, 6 row slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected. Only the largest cluster of the connected identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Heist Guys is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode.
All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected. Thereafter, all symbols that were part of a winning combination are removed except for potential super wild symbols which are instead moved to new random positions. The remaining symbols move vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in from the top to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The super wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. It starts with a multiplier value of 1. It moves to a new random empty position before each symbol refill.
The multiplier value of the super wild symbol increases by one for each winning cluster it contributes to. The increase occurs after the win. The current multiplier value of the super wild symbol is applied to the cluster wins it is part of.
A win on a low value symbol in combination with a super wild symbol also removes all non-winning instances of the low value symbol from the current game view. The removal occurs after the win.
A win on a Heist Guy (high value) symbol combined with a super wild symbol upgrades the Heist Guy symbol type to the most valuable kicker symbol type. The upgrade occurs after the win and remains in effect for the rest of the game round.
The upgrade of the third Heist Guy symbol triggers a super drop where all non-winning symbols except for super wilds, bonus and kicker symbols are removed. The remaining symbols move vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in from the top to fill the empty spaces.
Kicker symbols can never drop in.
All payout symbols exist in three sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2 and Mega 3x3. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. a Super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol.
Three bonus symbols trigger the bonus game. The bonus game starts at the end of the game round when there are no more wins.
The bonus game is played on a map with paths, guards, rooms and a vault. All three Heist Guys start at the bottom of the map and move together as a group towards the room with the vault at the top of the map. One map is randomly selected at the start of the bonus game.
Each round in the bonus game begins with a random draw of the number of steps to move for all Heist Guys who are not imprisoned. The Heist Guys always move as a group with one of them as a temporary leader. They all move the number of steps drawn for the current leader before the leader changes and the number of steps drawn for the new leader moves the group. The order of the leaders is always the same.
The Heist Guys follow arrows that match their own color or are white, if available. If no arrow is present, they move upward if possible.
Heist guys can only move upward or sideways—never backwards—and may not revisit any space they’ve already been on.
Guards move along certain paths in different parts of the map. A guard captures and imprisons a Heist Guy if he is within a certain number of tiles directly in front of him. An imprisoned Heist Guy is placed in a room and cannot move until another Heist Guy passes the room and frees him.
Rooms on the map may contain safes of varying value. A safe will 	automatically open when a Heist Guy passes by the door.
Simpler safes contain low-value coins, keycards, dynamites, or zappers. More valuable safes contain more valuable coins, and the most valuable safes contain high-value coins or even Max Win
Heist Guys can pick up up to three zappers. A zapper in the inventory is automatically used to defeat and remove a guard from the path when a Heist Guy encounters a guard. The zapper is consumed when used but prevents the Heist Guy from being imprisoned.
Heist Guys can pick up a keycard. When a Heist Guy has reached the entrance of the vault at the top of the map and has a keycard in the inventory, it is automatically used to gain access to the vault.
A hacking attempt is made when there is no keycard in the inventory and at least one Heist Guy reaches the entrance to the vault at the top of the map. An unsuccessful attempt immediately ends the bonus, and a successful hacking attempt opens the door to the vault.
The vault at the top of the map contains 3 colored special safes. A colored special safe can only be opened by the Heist Guy of the same color as the safe. The safe can be opened multiple times as long as it awards a coin win or dynamite.
Heist Guys can pick up dynamite. When a Heist Guy has entered the vault and has dynamite in the inventory, it is automatically used to gain access to the super secure safe inside the vault. The super secure safe is the most valuable safe and it contains high-value coins or even Max Win.
The bonus game ends when all Heist Guys are imprisoned, or when no Heist Guy can progress any further, or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Heist Guys is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-05-20

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
SUPER BONUS: Guaranteed entry to the bonus game with a Zapper, keycard and dynamite already collected in the inventory at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS: Guaranteed entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Ridin: One drop with all Heist Guys symbols already upgraded to the kicker symbol and a super wild symbol with a multiplier of 10 at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bangin: Guaranteed two big symbols and a super wild symbol with a multiplier of 5 in the initial drop at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One drop with more than 4 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Heist Guys is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-05-20