Key features
Name in English Spark of Creation
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines The number of possible paylines varies based on the position of the creatures.
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 7 rows

Game description
In a world shaped by the elements of Air, Nature, Fire, and Water, creatures roam freely. But when a mysterious fifth element appears; the Spark, everything begins to change. Its energy awakens new potential, causing creatures to evolve into powerful new forms.

Spark of Creation is a 7 row by 6 column slot. The central game features are: the four creatures that move around the grid collecting payout and feature symbols, 
the evolution meter that counts the number of symbols collected and adds a pending evolve feature when the meter is full, and the bonus game with bonus drops.
Wins are generated by the four creatures collecting horizontally or vertically adjacent payout symbols or wilds resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three bonus symbols collected by the creatures during a game round triggers a bonus game. 
The progress on the evolution meter, the level of the creatures and all multiplier bubbles and their multiplier values are persistent during the bonus game.
Bonus symbols collected during bonus mode award additional bonus drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. 
Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
There are four types of payout symbols, one for each creature. The creatures can only collect the payout symbols that have the same color as the creature.
The bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if the creatures collect three bonus symbols during a game round.
The super bonus game is triggered if one of the three bonus symbols collected is a super bonus symbol.
The wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of payout symbols next to the creature into the same color as the creature that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert a random number of payouts into feature symbols.
A collected spark symbol increases the evolution meter's progression.
A collected black hole feature absorbs all symbols and creatures on the game grid and then throws them back onto the game grid again in a different order.
The creature that collects the firefly symbol gets its ability put into a pending state. If the creature already has its ability in a pending state another creature will get its ability pending.

Game rules
Spark of Creation is a 7 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols.
All drops in normal mode start with creatures on level 1 and a grid size of 7 rows by 6 columns.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Spark of Creation is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with bonus drops.
Spark of Creation has four collecting creature symbols that can move around the game grid. Each creature is paired with a payout symbol of the same color as the creature.
The creatures can collect payout symbols of the same color as the creatures and all feature symbols.
The creatures collect symbols by moving to horizontally or vertically adjacent collectable symbols.
Paying symbols consist of payout symbols and wild symbols.
Wins are generated by a creature moving and collecting paying symbols.
The creatures continue to collect until they cannot collect any more symbols. A creature can only move one time before a symbol refill occurs. 
Collected symbols and activated feature symbols are removed from the game grid. 
All remaining symbols and creatures move vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in from above to fill the empty spaces. 
The avalanche continues as long as at least one creature can move.
There are 7 different types of feature symbols in Spark of Creation; bonus, super bonus, wild, transform, spark, black hole and firefly.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of payout symbols next to the creature into the same color as the creature that collected the transform symbol. 
It may also convert a random number of payout symbols into feature symbols.
A collected black hole symbol triggers the black hole feature, which is activated when the creatures are unable to collect any more symbols. 
The black hole feature absorbs all symbols and creatures on the game grid and then throws them back onto the game grid again in a different order.
The wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. A creature can't finish a symbol collect on a wild symbol. If a creature ends up on a wild, it will move into an empty position.
Two adjacent creatures have a chance to perform a "Switcheroo" when they can't collect more symbols. If triggered, the creatures switch places horizontally or vertically.
The first time a symbol is collected, a multiplier bubble is created. Every time a symbol is collected on the multiplier bubble position, its multiplier value is increased. 
Multiplier bubbles are not affected by gravity. The starting value of the multiplier is x2.

The multiplier bubbles value increase in the following order: x2, x4, x6, x8, x10, x12, x14, x16, x18, x24, x32, x48, x64, x128, x256 to a maximum of x1024.
When a creature collects on a multiplier bubble with a multiplier value, the multiplier is activated.
After all possible symbols have been collected, the activated multipliers are added together to form a final multiplier for that creature.
The final multiplier is then applied to the total value collected by that creature. 
The multipliers are then deactivated and increased.
If the multiplier is of the maximum value it is not increased.
The multiplier strike feature increases multipliers on the game grid in one of the following sizes; 3x3, 4x4, 5x5 or 6x7. The multiplier strike feature can trigger in any symbol drop or bonus drop.
A collected spark symbol increases the evolution meter's progression.
The evolution meter keeps track of the collected symbols. Only payout symbols, wild and spark feature symbols collected by any of the four creatures count. 
The evolution meter continues to count collected symbols until the creatures can't collect more symbols.
When the evolution meter is full, one pending creature evolve feature is added. It may choose any of the four creatures to upgrade. The chosen creature's color is shown in the meter inventory.
Up to four creature evolve features can be kept pending but only one for each creature. 
The creature evolve feature evolves the selected creature to a higher level, up to a maximum of level 3.
If a creature has already evolved to level 3, the chosen creature’s ability will instead be put into a pending state. If the creature already has its ability in a pending state and has already evolved to level 3, the creature is unaffected.
A creature evolve feature is awarded when the creatures can't collect any more symbols.
When the creature evolves, its unique ability is put into a pending state, unless its ability is already in a pending state.
The fire creature's ability:
 
Level 1: Removes 1 other creature and the payout symbols of its color.
Level 2: Removes 2 other creatures and the payout symbols of their colors.
Level 3: Removes the other 3 creatures and the payout symbols of their colors.
The water creature's ability:
 
Level 1: Adds 3 feature symbols to the game grid.
Level 2: Adds 4 feature symbols to the game grid.
Level 3: Adds 5 feature symbols to the game grid.
The nature creature's ability:
 
Level 1: Removes payout symbols and increases multipliers on the symbol grid in a 3x3 area surrounding itself by 1 step. It also removes all creatures from the game grid, except itself. 
Level 2: Removes payout symbols and increases multipliers on the symbol grid in a 3x3 area surrounding itself by 2 steps. It also removes all creatures from the game grid, except itself. 
Level 3: Removes payout symbols and increases multipliers on the symbol grid in a 3x3 area surrounding itself by a minimum of 3 steps. It also removes all creatures from the game grid, except itself. 

If the multiplier bubble is already at the maximum value, the multiplier is not increased.
The air creature's ability:
 
Level 1: Chooses one creature and creates a path of 5 payout symbols of its color from its position. 
Level 2: Chooses one creature and creates a path of 8 payout symbols of its color from its position.
Level 3: Chooses one creature and creates a path of at least 10 payout symbols of its color from its position.

Feature symbols are not affected.
If multiple creatures abilities are pending, they will be activated in the order of: water, nature, air and lastly fire.
If new collections can be made after a creature has used its ability, that happens before other creatures use their abilities.
The firefly feature triggers when a creature collects the firefly symbol. 
The creature that collects the firefly symbol gets its ability put into a pending state. 
 
The firefly is kept pending and is activated when the creatures are unable to collect more symbols.
If the creature already has its ability in a pending state another creature will get its ability pending.
The creature clash feature has a chance to be triggered when two or more creatures end up horizontally or vertically adjacent and are unable to collect more symbols.
During the creature clash feature, the creatures clash into one symbol position. 
All creatures in the clash except one are removed. All payout symbols in a 4x4 area containing the creatures are removed. 
Removed payout symbols do not count towards the evolution meter. Feature symbols are not affected.
The creature that remains after the creature clash feature gets its ability put into a pending state. 
If the creature already has its ability in a pending state, the creature is evolved instead.

If the creature already has its ability in a pending state and has a pending evolve at level 2, the creature is unaffected.

If the creature already has its ability in a pending state and has already evolved to level 3, the creature is unaffected.
The bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if the creatures collect three bonus symbols during an active game round. 5 bonus drops are awarded.
Collecting a bonus symbol in the bonus game awards +1 additional bonus drop to the bonus game.
The progress on the evolution meter, the level of the creatures and all multiplier bubbles and their multiplier values are persistent during the bonus game.
The super bonus game is triggered if one of the three bonus symbols collected is a super bonus symbol. 5 bonus drops are awarded.
Multiplier strike is guaranteed in every super bonus drop.
Collecting a bonus symbol in the super bonus game awards +1 additional bonus drop to the super bonus game.
The bonus drops bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The bonus drops bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Spark of Creation is __RTP__
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-04-20

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super bonus: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Enchanted forest:  
Guarantees a game round with a multiplier strike and creatures have a chance of dropping in evolved at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. 
Super bonus is guaranteed if the bonus game is triggered.
Mega hunt: 
One drop with 8 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus hunt: 
One drop with 4 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Spark of Creation is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2026-04-08
Creatures move and collect payout symbols of the same color as themselves, and all feature symbols.
A collected transform symbol changes a cluster of payout symbols into its color. It may also change a random number of payout symbols into feature symbols.
The black hole feature absorbs all symbols and creatures and returns them back to the game grid on random positions.
The evolution meter keeps track of the collected symbols. When it is full, one pending creature evolve feature is added.
A creature evolve feature upgrades a creature to a higher level, up to a maximum of level 3. The creature gets its ability put into a pending state.
Increases multipliers on the symbol grid in a 3x3 area surrounding itself. At higher creature levels the multiplier is increased by more steps.
Adds feature symbols to the game grid. At higher creature levels more feature symbols are added.
Removes another creature and the payout symbols of its color. At higher creature levels more creatures and symbols are removed.
Chooses one creature and creates a path of payout symbols of its color from its position. At higher creature levels a longer path of payout symbols is created.
A collected spark symbol increases the evolution meter's progression.
The creature that collects the firefly symbol gets its ability put into a pending state.
The first time a symbol is collected, a multiplier bubble is created. Every time a symbol is collected on a position with a multiplier bubble, the multiplier value is increased.
The multiplier strike feature increases multipliers on the symbol grid game before a symbol drop. It can be triggered before any symbol drop or bonus drop.
Three bonus symbols collected by the creatures trigger the bonus game. If one of the three bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol the super bonus game is triggered.
The progress on the evolution meter, the level of the creatures and all multiplier bubbles and their multiplier values are persistent during the bonus game.
Multiplier strike is guaranteed in every super bonus drop.
Collecting a bonus symbol in a bonus game awards +1 additional bonus drop.
The wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbols at their current respective payout level.
If two or more creatures end up adjacent to each other they might trigger a creature clash. All creatures in the clash except one are removed.