Key features
Name in English Giraffalot
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 26 fixed paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Giraffalot is a 5-reel, 4-row, 26-payline slot set in a whimsical medieval kingdom where noble beasts quest for the holy chalice. The game features Expanding Wilds, Spreading Wilds, respins, Super Spins, and a bonus with 5 Free Spins, packed into potential up to 10,000x your bet.
Giraffalot has 26 fixed paylines paying left to right, beginning on reel 1. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
A combination of three bonus symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger 5 Free Spins. Bonus symbols do not appear during Free Spins. Expanding Wilds behave as in the base game but can also land on reels 1 and 5.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
Expanding Wilds substitute for all regular paying symbols, may include a multiplier, expand to cover the entire reel when they land, and award 1 respin. During respins, wilds, bonus symbols, and Spreading Wilds are sticky. New Expanding Wilds during a respin grant another respin; however, only one respin is awarded per spin outcome.
Spreading Wilds can land on reel 3 and, on activation, either convert one high-value symbol type to wilds, increase the multiplier on previously converted wilds, or increase the multiplier of an expanded Expanding Wild. They can retrigger within the same spin and reactivate during respins.
Bonus symbols can land on reels 1, 3, and 5. Landing all three in one spin awards 5 Free Spins.
Super bonus symbol together with 2 bonus symbols in the same spin triggers the super bonus with 5 Free Spins.

Game rules
Giraffalot is a 5-reel, 4-row slot with spinning reels and 26 fixed paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. An active payline is defined as the longest winning symbol combination.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
All spins in normal mode start with 4 rows and 26 fixed paylines.
All spins in bonus mode start with 4 rows and 26 fixed paylines.
The wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A payline made entirely of Wilds pays as the highest value symbol. With the improved exeption of a full winning combination of 5 wild symbols that pays 25x the bet.
Expanding Wilds substitute for all regular paying symbols, may include a multiplier, expand to cover the entire reel on landing, and award 1 respin. Expanding Wilds can only land on reel 2 and 4 in base game. During the respin, wilds, bonus symbols, and Spreading Wilds remain sticky. New Expanding Wilds grant another respin, but only one respin is awarded per spin outcome.
Spreading Wilds land on reel 3. On activation they either convert one high-value symbol type to wilds, increase multipliers on previously converted wilds, or increase the multiplier of an expanded Expanding Wild. They may retrigger within the same round and reactivate during respins.
Wild Combo: If a spreading-created wild is present on the same reel as an Expanding Wild when it expands, the entire reel becomes wild and the combined multiplier from all wilds on that reel applies to wins involving those wilds.
Super Spin may activate at the beginning of a spin or respin, removing all low-value symbols for that spin.
A combination of three bonus symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the bonus with 5 Free Spins. The bonus game starts at the end of the game round when there are no more wins. Bonus symbols do not appear during Free Spins.
A super bonus symbol together with 2 bonus symbols, triggers the super bonus and awards 5 Free Spins.
During the bonus, Expanding Wilds can land on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 and award respins as in the base game.
The free spins bonus ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap is reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in the game is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-10-13

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. Each Free Spin guarantees 1-4 expanding wilds.
Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the bonus at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Magic Spin: One spin that guarantees 2 expanding wilds. If the bonus triggers, it is upgraded to super bonus. Cost: __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mega Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than 10 times the chance to trigger the bonus and super bonus at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than 4 times the chance to trigger the bonus and super bonus at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in the game is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-10-13