Key features
Name in English Rex Stampede
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 1,024 to 5,184 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 4 rows by default, reel 2 to 5 can be expanded individually to 6 rows in Bonus mode.

Game description
REX Stampede is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with spinning reels and 1,024 ways to win. REX Stampede comes with Multiplier Wilds, stacked symbols, a stampede feature and a Free Spins bonus game. In the bonus game, reel 2 to 5 can expand individually from 4 to 6 rows, increasing the ways to win up to a maximum of 5,184.
REX Stampede has 1,024 to 5,184 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more bonus symbols in Normal mode triggers the bonus game with Free Spins. If more than three bonus symbols land, more Free Spins are awarded. In the bonus game, the main feature is to collect golden T-Rex symbols. On reel 1, golden T-Rex symbols will increase the number of Free Spins. On reel 2 to 5, 3 collected golden T-Rex symbols will increase the reel to 6 rows. Then all symbols of the associated high value symbol type will be converted to T-Rex symbols on the reels.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The stacked symbol is a symbol that represents more than one symbol in the same symbol space. The number on the stacked symbol shows how many symbols that are represented in the stack.
The Wild symbols substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, and Stampede symbols. If the Wild symbol contributes to a win, a multiplier may be revealed. The Wild then becomes a Multiplier Wild.
Golden T-Rex symbols on reel 1 during bonus mode award +1 Free Spin and is transformed into regular T-Rex symbols. Golden T-Rex symbols are collected on reel 2 to 5 in bonus mode and are transformed into a regular T-Rex symbol.
The stampede symbol is a special symbol that will trigger the stampede feature if two or more stampede symbols land on the same row.
Three or more bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the Bonus mode with Free Spins.

Game rules
REX Stampede is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 1,024 ways to win. In the bonus game, reel 2 to 5 can expand individually from 4 to 6 rows, increasing the ways to win up to a maximum of 5,184.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
All wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with Free Spins.
The Wild symbols substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, and Stampede symbols. If the Wild symbol contributes to a win, a multiplier may be revealed with a value of x2, x3 or x5, and the Wild then becomes a Multiplier Wild.
Each payout symbol can be stacked, to represent more than one symbol in the same symbol space. This is indicated by a number on the symbol.
The stampede symbol is a special symbol that will trigger the stampede feature if two or more stampede symbols land on the same row.
The stampede feature affects all rows with 2 or more stampede symbols. The stampede symbols and the payout symbols that are not Wilds between the stampede symbols are transformed into T-Rex symbols in normal mode and golden T-Rex symbols in bonus mode.
Stacked symbols transformed by the stampede feature will be transformed into stacked T-Rex symbols in normal mode or golden T-Rex symbols in bonus mode.
Wild symbols and Multiplier Wild symbols will not be affected by the stampede feature. In bonus mode, Wilds inbetween two stampede symbols will count as golden T-Rex symbols.
When a Wild symbol contributes to a win in bonus mode, the Wild always becomes a Multiplier Wild.
Golden T-Rex symbols on reel 1 during bonus mode award +1 Free Spin and is transformed into regular T-Rex symbols.
Golden T-Rex symbols are collected on reel 2 to 5 in bonus mode and are transformed into a regular T-Rex symbol.
When 3 golden T-Rex symbols have been collected on one and the same reel, the following happens:
One extra free spin is awarded.
All high value symbols on the reels of the same kind as indicated above the affected reel are transformed into T-Rex symbols.
The reel is expanded from 4 to 6 rows. The two added symbol positions will be revealed with T-Rex symbols.
Win evaluation occurs.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode trigger the Bonus mode with Free Spins:
3 bonus symbols: 6 Free Spins.
4 bonus symbols: 12 Free Spins.
5 bonus symbols: 18 Free Spins.
Two or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode award additional Free Spins:
2 bonus symbols: +3 Free Spins.
3 bonus symbols: +6 Free Spins.
4 bonus symbols: +12 Free Spins.
5 bonus symbols: +18 Free Spins.
The Free Spins bonus game ends when no Free Spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the Bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in the game is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-12-28

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game where every free spin will trigger a Stampede feature at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Stampede:
One spin with guaranteed Stampede trigger at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Two or more Wilds:

One spin where at least two Wilds land at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
One spin with more than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in the game is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-05-09
The Wild symbols substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, and Stampede symbols. If the Wild symbol contributes to a win, a multiplier may be revealed. The Wild then becomes a Multiplier Wild.
The stacked symbol is a symbol that represents more than one symbol in the same symbol space. The number on the stacked symbol shows how many symbols that are represented in the stack.
The stampede symbol is a special symbol that will trigger the stampede feature if two or more stampede symbols land on the same row.
The stampede feature affects all rows with 2 or more stampede symbols. The stampede symbols and the symbols between the stampede symbols are transformed into T-Rex symbols.
3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the bonus game with Free Spins. Landing more than 3 bonus symbols award additional Free Spins.
Landing 2 or more bonus symbols during the bonus game awards more Free Spins.
Landing a golden T-Rex symbol on reel one will award one extra Free Spin. Landing a golden T-Rex symbol on reel 2 to 5 will award one token for that reel.
3 collected tokens will add one Free Spin, expand the reel, and convert one high value symbol into the T-Rex symbol on all reels.