Key features
Name in English Cathedral 9
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines .Scatter Pay
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 5 rows

Game description
Cathedral 9 is a 6 columns, 5 rows scatter pay slot with dropping symbols. A 2 row high feature reel holding Wild symbols, collector symbols, Explosion symbol. Cathedral 9 comes with a Holy Collect  that keeps growing between game rounds until it release Mystery Coffins.
Cathedral 9 is a scatter win game where you need 8 or more identical symbols anywhere on the grid. There are no pay lines.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. Player gets 6 or more free drops. The global multiplier value is persistent between free drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
The collector symbol selects one payout symbol in view and collects all identical payout symbols currently in view into one symbol position.
The explosion symbol removes all payout symbols on its own and adjacent columns.
Mystery coffins activates if at least one mystery coffin reaches the bottom of the game grid. All mystery coffins reveals the same payout symbol or a Wild symbol. 
Mystery coffins that reached the bottom of the game grid nudge 1 symbol position downwards.
Super mystery coffins activates if at least one super mystery coffin reaches the bottom of the game grid. Super mystery coffins that reach the bottom of the game grid adds their multiplier value to the global multiplier. All super mystery coffin reveals the same payout symbol or a Wild symbol. 
Super mystery coffins that reached the bottom of the game grid nudge 1 symbol position downwards.
When the Entombed symbol triggers, all symbols on the grid will be replaced with 1 payout symbol type.
The mini coffin symbol spawns a mystery coffin in the empty symbol positions above it.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free drops.

Game rules
Cathedral 9 is a 6 columns, 5 rows scatter pay slot with dropping symbol and a feature reel.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning combination consists of at least 8 identical symbols scattered anywhere. Only the largest amount of such identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any symbol except the bonus symbol. A winning combination of all Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
A game round starts with filling up the feature reel and symbols dropping into the main grid.
The Feature Reel on the top of the main grid is comprised of 2 rows and 6 columns with feature symbols, empty symbols and empty cells. Feature symbols become active when dropped into the main grid.
Each winning combination in the main grid is collected and the symbols, except mystery coffins, are removed from the grid. Gravity applies.  Symbols in the Feature Reel above empty cells drop down into the main grid followed by new symbols refilling the main grid and feature reel. Any new winning combinations repeats the cycle and all collected wins are paid out at the end of the game round or free drop.
Collector symbol activates when there are no more winning combinations in view. The collector symbol selects one payout symbol in view and collects all identical payout symbols currently in view into one symbol position. Payout symbols in the coffins will not be collected.
The explosion symbol activates when there are no more winning combinations in view. The explosion symbol removes all payout symbols on its own and adjacent columns.
If The explosion symbol and the collector symbol are in view at the same time the collector symbol activates first.
Mystery coffins activates if at least one mystery coffin reaches the bottom of the game grid. All mystery coffin reveals the same payout symbol or a Wild symbol. 
All wins are collected and mystery coffins close. Mystery coffins that reached the bottom of the game grid nudge 1 symbol position downwards and all mystery coffins in view reveal a new payout symbol type or Wild symbol. This repeats until there are no more winning combinations in view.
Super mystery coffins activates if at least one super mystery coffin reaches the bottom of the game grid. Super mystery coffins that reach the bottom of the game grid adds their multiplier value to the global multiplier. All mystery coffin reveals the same payout symbol or a Wild symbol. 
All wins are collected and super mystery coffins close. Super mystery coffins that reached the bottom of the game grid nudge 1 symbol position downwards and all super or regular mystery coffins in view reveal a new payout symbol type or Wild symbol. This repeats until there are no more winning combinations in view.
The global multiplier value starts at x0. The global multiplier activates when a super mystery coffin reaches the bottom of the game grid. The global multiplier remains active until the end of the game round or free drop. Possible multiplier values on the mystery coffins are 2, 3, 5, 10, 25, 50, 100, 500 or 1000.
The entombed feature activates when the entombed symbol covers the entire Feature Reel and triggers when no more wins appear. All symbols on the grid will be replaced with 1 payout symbol type.
The Super Entombed feature activates when the super entombed symbol covers the entire Feature Reel and triggers when no more wins appear. All symbols on the grid will be replaced with 1 payout symbol type of high or mid value symbols.
The mini coffin symbol trigger when it lands on the grid. The mini coffin symbol spawns a mystery coffin in the empty symbol positions above it.
The Holy collect can trigger in any spin or free drop. Energy is added to the holy collect when a holy blocker drops from the feature reel. 
The state of the holy collect is kept between game rounds. The holy collect adds 3, 4, 5 or 6 coffins to the grid when triggered. Every game round have the same probability to trigger the holy collect feature.
Any paying symbol can appear as big symbols in size of 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4.
Big symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 symbols they cover. I.e. a 2x2 big symbol is 4 regular symbols and a 3x3 big symbol is 9 regular symbols.
If a big symbol drop ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill the empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol.
When there is no more wins in view a big symbol can be spawned and replace symbols. This can occur in any drop or free drop.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the free drop bonus game. Each Bonus symbol can award 2,3 or 4 free drops. The maximum amount of bonus symbols are 6. The global multiplier value is persistent between free drops. Mystery coffins that reach the bottom of the game grid activates the global multiplier in the bonus game if the global multiplier already has an inactive multiplier value. The global multiplier inactivates between free drops.
Landing a bonus symbols during bonus mode adds additional free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game.
Winning on all 9 payout symbol types in bonus mode triggers the super bonus. Super Bonus awards 2, 3 or 4 additional free drops and each free drop starts with 1,2,3,4,5 or 6 super mystery coffins added to the grid.
In the Bonus game all inactive super mystery coffins activate between free drops.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The maximum total win is accumulated across all wins in the game round and can be obtained from one big win or several smaller wins. The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-09-01.

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Super Bonus game, with 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 Super Mystery coffin on each free drop. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
COFFIN DROP:
Buy a game round with 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 random mystery coffins on the initial drop. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MEGA BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with more than 10 times chance to trigger the free drop Bonus game. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with more than 3 times chance to trigger the free drop Bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2025-09-01.