Key features
Name in English Phoenix Graveyard II
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Standard 4 rows and 1024 ways to win, where features can add additional ways.
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Phoenixtown is a town under constant threat from a relentless grim reaper, determined to drag the inhabitants into the underworld. But a powerful phoenix, worshipped as a god by the townsfolk, rises to protect them.

Phoenix Graveyard 2 is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot that comes with expanded win ways, special wilds, multipliers, a bonus and all packed into a potential of 25,000x!

Three bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. A bonus symbol is sticky if there is a pending re-spin. The bonus game always starts with one Phoenix wild symbol.
Phoenix Graveyard 2 has 1024 ways to win but split symbol positions add additional ways. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules
Three bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. A bonus symbol is sticky if there is a pending re-spin. The bonus game always starts with one Phoenix wild symbol.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
Phoenix wilds are regular wild symbols that award a re-spin and immediately unlock a random position on the feature row, potentially revealing a feature symbol.
Phoenix feathers are regular Wild symbols that spawns when a Phoenix gets split or loses a battle to the Reaper.
The Reaper is a walking wild that also immediately unlocks a random position on the feature row, potentially revealing a feature symbol.
Split All symbol increases the ways to win of all positions on the grid by +1. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Split Right symbol picks a random position on the reel underneath and increases that position and all positions on the right of its ways by +1. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Split Left symbol picks a random position on the reel underneath and increases that position and all positions on the left of its ways by +1. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Split Reel symbol increases the ways of all positions on the reel underneath by +1. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Split One symbol picks a random position on the reel underneath and increases its ways by a random amount from 1-6. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Spawn Phoenix symbol spawns a Phoenix wild on a random position on the grid.
Spawn Reaper symbol spawns a Reaper wild on a random position on the grid.
Re-spin symbol freezes all present Reapers and Phoenixes in place and triggers a respin. If no Reaper or Phoenix on the grid, you are still awarded a respin.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.

Game rules
Phoenix Graveyard 2 is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and an extra special row above the symbol grid with feature symbols.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left-to-right only on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Phoenix Graveyard 2 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode.
All spins in normal mode start with 4 rows and 1024 ways to win.
The Phoenix wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. It will also award a re-spin and unlock a random position in the feature row, immediately when it lands, potentially revealing a feature row symbol.
The Reaper wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. It will also unlock a random position in the feature row immediately when it lands, potentially revealing a Feature Symbol. It is also a walking wild, and will award respins until it has walked off the grid.
The Reaper moves leftwards until it has left the grid, generating one respin for each step.
If a Phoenix and Reaper land on the same row or adjacent to each other vertically, they battle after wins are paid. The winner gains a multiplier, with both gaining one in a draw. If the Phoenix wins, it also removes all low symbols on the next spin, and if the Reaper wins, the Phoenix scatters 1-5 feather wilds across the grid.
Phoenixes and Reapers can only participate in one battle each per spin.
The Feather wild symbol can spawn after a Phoenix has been hit by a split, lost a battle, or when a split happens on a position that already had six ways. However, it can not activate the feature row and can never drop as part of a normal spin.
The wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
Various feature symbols can split positions and increase ways to win up to six. Splitting a symbol position that is already at six ways makes the symbol position have six wild feathers.
If a Split symbol lands on a reel with a Reaper, it becomes powered up. Directional splits then increase ways to win by two to six instead of one. The Split one symbol boosts two to five random positions instead of just one.
During any spin, the Phoenix skull above the game grid may glow. After a brief pulse, it either fades with no effect or triggers the Phoenix skull feature. If the Phoenix skull feature triggers, one to three Phoenix wilds land on random positions on the game grid and the full feature row unlocks. One respin per Phoenix then follows, with the feature row staying unlocked. This also applies to any respins triggered during it. One Phoenix skull feature can only be active at any time.
During any spin, the Reaper skull above the game grid may glow. After a brief pulse, it either fades with no effect or triggers the Reaper skull feature. If the Reaper skull feature triggers, one Reaper wild lands on a random position on the last reel and behaves as a normal Reaper wild. Any unlocked feature row positions stay active for the rest of the round. One Reaper skull feature can only be active at any time.
The feature row has five locked positions above the main game grid. Landing a Phoenix wild or Reaper wild unlocks one position before any wins are evaluated. Unlocked positions spin to reveal an empty symbol or a random feature row symbol. Feature row positions are locked again after win evaluation, unless a respin symbol or skull feature is triggered or you are in a bonus or super bonus.
Feature row symbols can only land in the feature row above the main symbol grid and include; Split All symbol, Split Right symbol, Split Left symbol, Split Reel symbol, Split One symbol, Spawn Phoenix symbol, Spawn Reaper symbol, Respin symbol.
Split All symbol increases the ways to win of all positions on the grid by +1. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Split Right symbol picks a random position on the reel underneath and increases that position’s ways to win, along with all positions on the same row to its right, by +1. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Split Left symbol picks a random position on the reel underneath and increases that position’s ways to win, along with all positions on the same row to its left, by +1. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Split Reel symbol increases the ways to win of all positions on the reel underneath by +1. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Split One symbol picks a random position on the reel underneath and increases its ways to win by a random amount from 1-6. If it hits a Phoenix or Reaper, their multiplier is increased instead of the position they stand on.
Spawn Phoenix symbol spawns a Phoenix wild on a random position on the grid.
Spawn Reaper symbol spawns a Reaper wild on a random position on the grid.
Respin symbol locks all present Phoenixes and Reapers in place and triggers a respin. A respin is always awarded regardless of whether there are any Phoenixes or Reapers present or not. During this respin, Phoenixes and Reapers do not open new feature row positions.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game. The bonus game starts at the end of the game round when there are no more wins. The bonus game can not be retriggered.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free spins.
3 bonus symbols: 6 free spins
4 bonus symbols: 8 free spins
5 bonus symbols: 10 free spins
When in the normal bonus, a super bonus symbol can land on the last reel. This results in the bonus upgrading to super bonus, thus opening all feature rows that are not already open, and activating the powered up mechanic which is active in the super bonus. Also, +2 Free Spins are awarded.
The bonus starts with one Phoenix wild that stays in play and moves to a new position each spin. Any ways increased during the trigger spin carry over. Extra Phoenix symbols that land during the bonus also persist and grant +1 free spin each.
Each Phoenix or Reaper symbol during the bonus unlocks one feature row position per spin. All positions that have been split, unlocked feature row positions, and any multipliers on Phoenixes or Reapers are persistent for the duration of the bonus.
When a Reaper or Phoenix lands on or moves into a position with increased ways to win, they absorb those ways to win and add them to their multiplier. When they leave the position, the absorbed ways to win are returned.
Multipliers are unique to each Phoenix or Reaper.
The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Phoenix Graveyard 2 is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-06-02

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super bonus: Guaranteed entry to the super bonus game with the whole feature row unlocked at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Splitting Frenzy: One spin with all feature row positions unlocked and an increased chance of landing feature symbols in them. Additionally, bonus symbols are replaced by super bonus symbols during the round at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mega Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than eight times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than four times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Phoenix Graveyard 2 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-06-02