Key features
Name in English DeadEye
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 30 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
We are standing on a dusty road, the end of Main street of a Western town, looking outwards towards the desolate Prairie. The town is weathered. Rough. The street is empty. Only the muffled sounds from the saloon can be heard. We can sense that a deadly climax is approaching. In a town like this, there are good chances to earn some coins. If the undertaker won't get them all.

Deadeye is a 6 reel, 4 row slot with spinning reels and 30 paylines. The main features in Deadeye are: The Duel where 2 high value characters challenge eachother in a deadly duel, the steel plates above the reels that can convert character symbols to Wilds and add multipliers to duelling characters, and the Bonus game with Free Spins.
Deadeye has 30 paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more Bonus symbols in Normal mode triggers the Bonus game with Free Spins. Each Bonus symbol can carry up to 2 bullets that will be collected in Bonus mode. If 6 bullets are collected, one extra Free Spin is awarded, then the six bullets will be fired on the Free Spin counter or on the steel plates above the grid. A shot on the Free Spin counter awards more Free Spins. A shot on a steel plate above reel 1, 2, 5 or 6 will convert one of the character symbols into a Wild on that reel. A shot on one of the steel plates above reel 3 or 4 will increase the multiplier for any character landing behind a saloon door on that reel. The state of the steel plates are persistent during the Bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The character symbols can occupy more than one symbol space. Characters can also land behind saloon doors on reel 3 and 4 and then they also carry a multiplier.
The saloon door symbols are always of the size 1x3. They can only land on reel 3 and 4. If two saloon doors land at the same time, a duel will be triggered between the two characters behind the doors.
The Wild symbols substitutes for any symbol except the Bonus symbols.
Three or more Bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the Bonus mode with Free Spins. The Bonus symbols can carry up to two bullets. The bullets are collected in Bonus mode and can convert characters into Wilds or increase multipliers to the characters behind saloon doors.

Game rules
Deadeye is a 6 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 30 paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with Free Spins.
The Wild symbols substitutes for any symbol except Bonus symbols.
The character symbols can land in 1x1, 1x2 or 1x3 sizes on any of the reels.
Before the reels stop, shots may sometimes be fired on the steel plates above the reels.
Shots fired on reels 1, 2, 5 and 6 will add the portrait of one of the five characters on a Wild poster above that reel.
Multiple character portraits can be added to the same poster.
A character symbol that lands on a reel where the Wild poster above the same reel shows the portrait of the same character will turn into one or more 1x1 Wild symbols.
The first shot fired on one of the two steel saloon doors above reels 3 and 4 will add a multiplier modifier value for the reel below with 2, 3, 5, 10, 25, 50 or 100.
Every time a shot is fired on one of the steel saloon doors that already has a multiplier modifier value, this value will be doubled.
On reel 3 and 4, special 1x3 sized saloon door symbols can land.
Only one saloon door can land on one of the reels at the time.
If two saloon doors land at the same time and they do not align, one or both saloon doors will be nudged to align with each other.
Saloon doors always carry character symbols with multipliers. When the reels have stopped, after any nudging is resolved, the characters and their multipliers will be revealed.
When there is a multiplier value on the steel plate above a reel, the steel plate multiplier is added to any character that has a multiplier on the same reel.
If two saloon doors land at the same time, the duel feature will be triggered.
The duel starts when both characters have had their multipliers modified by any value(s) on the steel plates.
The outcome of a duel is that one of the characters kill the other, or that both characters are killed during the duel.
If one characters wins, this character will expand into a 2x3 symbol, covering the space of the two characters. The winning character will keep its multiplier.
If both characters are killed, both character symbols will be replaced by a single 2x3 Wild symbol, covering the space of the two characters. The Wild symbol will get a new multiplier equal to the sum of the multipliers from the two characters.
After the duel, a number of Wilds will be generated and distributed on random positions on reel 1, 2, 5 and 6, replacing existing symbols on the grid.
Win evaluation will only be done once, after any nudging and / or duelling have been resolved.
Three or more Bonus symbols will trigger the Bonus game with 8 Free Spins.
Every Bonus symbol can carry up to two bullets when they land. The bullets are collected when the Bonus game is triggered, and also during Bonus mode.
The possible number of bullets carried by a Bonus symbol are 0, 1 or 2.
Every time 6 or more bullets have been collected in Bonus mode, one Free Spin is awarded, then 6 shots are fired on the steel plates above the reels, or the Free Spin counter.
The Wild posters and the multiplier values on the steel plates work exactly as in normal mode and are persistent during the Bonus game.
If shots are fired on the Free Spin counter, extra spins are awarded.
The Free Spins Bonus game ends when no Free Spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The Free Spins Bonus game ends when no Free Spins remain.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the Bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in the game is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-09-07

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers different game modes.
Super Bonus:
Guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus game where all Bonus symbols carry 2 bullets at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Duel:
One spin with a guaranteed duel feature at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Shots Fired:
One spin where 3 or more shots will be fired on the steel plates at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt:
One spin with more than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the Bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in the game is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-06-17
The Wild symbols substitutes for any symbol except the Bonus symbol.
Shots can be fired on the steel plates above the reels.
On reel 1, 2 and 5, 6 shots will unlock a Wild feature, turning character symbols into Wilds.
On reel 3 and 4, shots will unlock multipliers that will be added to characters landing behind saloon doors.
The five character symbols can land as 1x1, 1x2 or 1x3 symbols on any reel.
Saloon doors always carry character symbols with multipliers. When the reels have stopped, after any nudging is resolved, the characters and their multipliers will be revealed.
If two saloon doors land at the same time, the duel feature will be triggered.
When the duel is triggered, and one character is killed, the winning character symbol will expand into a 2x3 symbol.
If both characters are killed during the duel, the characters will transform into a 2x3 Wild symbol.
3 or more Bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the Bonus game with Free Spins.
Each Bonus symbol that land may carry up to 2 bullets. 6 collected bullets will add a Free Spin, then be fired to unlock Wilds, multipliers or extra spins.