Key features
Name in English Fish and Bird
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines All ways 3 or more
Jackpot No
Reels 4 columns
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Fish and Bird is a 4 columns by 4 rows all ways win slot with a collector row and multiplier row.
All ways wins with 256 ways
The Bonus game is triggered by collecting a Bonus symbol.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
Wilds and Bonus symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
Collecting a Bonus symbol triggers the Bonus game.
Collecting a Super Bonus symbol triggers the Super Bonus game.
Collecting a Bird increases the global multiplier by the amount stated on the bird.
Collecting a Prize fish gives an instant pay of its value multiplied with the global multiplier.
All paying symbols except wild exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, super 2x2, mega 3x3 and epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Spreading wilds comes in 2 directions, vertical and horizontal. The vertical wild replaces all regular payout symbols above it with wilds. The horizontal replaces all regular payout symbols to the left with wilds.
Collector collects any multiplier, Prize fish and bonus on the same column as itself. The Collector collecting a fish rewards with a free spin, before the next spin the Collector will move one column to the left.
Super Collector collects any multiplier on the same column as itself and all Prize fish and bonus symbols in the grid. The Super Collector collecting a fish rewards with a free spin, before the next spin the Super Collector will move one column to the left.
If there is a Prize fish or bonus symbol on the grid and no Collector or Super Collector, there is a chance for a diver to appear. The diver will collect any Prize fish, bonus or multiplier in the column it appears.

Game rules
Fish and Bird is a 4 columns by 4 rows all ways win slot with a collector row and multiplier row.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the first leftmost column and only pay from left to right on consecutive columns. No gaps between the columns are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode.
The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
A game round starts with a new set of symbols spun in on the grid, and a reset global multiplier.
The multiplier row spins into the grid, the collector row spins into the grid, multipliers are collected if they on the same column as a collector, the grid symbols are spun in. Wins are evaluated, paid out, Prize fish are collected if possible. The cycle repeats if a fish has been collected.
Wilds and Bonus symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
Collecting a Bonus symbol triggers the Bonus game.
Collecting a Super Bonus symbol triggers the Super Bonus game.
Collecting a Bird increases the global multiplier by the amount stated on the bird.
Collecting a Prize fish gives an instant pay of its value multiplied with the global multiplier.
All paying symbols exept wild exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, super 2x2, mega 3x3 and epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Spreading wilds comes in 2 directions, vertical and horizontal. The vertical wild replaces all regular payout symbols above it with wilds. The horizontal replaces all regular payout symbols to the left with wilds.
Collector collects any multiplier, Prize fish and bonus on the same column as itself. The Collector collecting a fish rewards with a free spin, before the next spin the Collector will move one column to the left.
Super Collector collects any multiplier on the same column as itself and all Prize fish and bonus symbols in the grid. The Super Collector collecting a fish rewards with a free spin, before the next spin the Super Collector will move one column to the left.
If there is a Prize fish or bonus symbol on the grid and no Collector or Super Collector, there is a chance for a diver to appear. The diver will collect any Prize fish, bonus or multiplier in the column it appears.
Collecting a bonus symbol triggers the bonus game.
Guarantees 1 Collector, after each spin the Collector moves one column to the left.
New Collector may enter after a spin.
The bonus game ends when no Collectors are on the grid.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-05-14

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:                                     
Play a game round with a guaranteed Super Bonus. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:                                           
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BIG FISH:                                
Play a game round with a guaranteed big fish. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
SPREADING WILD:                                      
Play a game round with a guaranteed Spreading Wild. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:                                      
Buy a game round with more than triple the chance to trigger a Bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2025-05-14