Key features
Name in English World Eaters
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Collector Wins
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 5 rows

Game description
World Eaters is a slot game with 5 columns by 5 rows with dropping symbols.
Wins are paid for each symbol with a free path to the topmost row and its color matching a visible Collector.
The Bonus game is triggered when 3 Bonus symbols appear on the grid, after all wins have resolved.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in either portrait or landscape mode.
The Multiplier Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol and adds its value to the global multiplier when part of a winning combination.
Coin symbols pay out the displayed value times the bet and multiplied by the global multiplier when they have a clear path to the topmost row.
The Grey House symbol is normally a blocker symbol. When the Grey House symbol is vertically or horizontally adjacent to a winning symbol, it turns into a single symbol of that type.
The Whale symbol is a blocker. When neither Collector in view can collect anything, the Whale symbol is triggered and removes itself and all payout symbols on the same column.
The Pipe symbol is triggered when it has a clear path to the topmost row. The Pipe lets a Collector collect all matching symbols below the wall above the bottom row. The Pipe is used by the Collector who can collect the highest value.
The Fireworks symbol triggers when it is on the grid at the same time as a Grey House symbol. The Fireworks symbol turns all Grey House symbols on the grid into Multiplier Wild symbols.
The Tree symbol triggers when it is next to empty spaces as a result of a win. The Tree symbol will spawn Forest symbols into any clusters of empty spaces that it is connected to. After a new Collector enters the game, if a Tree symbol has made a Forest symbol then all Forest symbols will reveal payout symbols of one and the same type or Multiplier Wild symbols.
The Volcano symbol is a Wild symbol. Once collected, the feature is pending, and triggers when neither Collector in view can collect anymore. The Volcano feature triggers with its Collector while the other Collector is removed. 
Then a cycle starts where the Collector destroys all payout symbols not of its type. Remaining payout symbols are then stacked. A refill occurs. This cycle repeats until no new symbols of the Collector's type drop in during the refill. Then win evaluation occurs.
Whenever there is an uncollected Coin symbol on the grid and no more wins are available, it will be collected by the Piggy Bank. Every time the Piggy Bank collects, there is an equal chance it will explode, triggering a coin row drop. In a coin row drop the bottom row is filled with coins and the rest of the grid is filled with rows of matching symbols.
The UFO symbol can appear in the Bonus game and triggers the Ultra Beast Feature. The Ultra Beast replaces the visible Collectors, pays for all payout symbols on the grid and empties the grid from symbols. This cycle can repeat several times until the Ultra Beast leaves and triggers a refill and the regular Collectors return. Ultra Beast drops do not count against remaining Super drops.

Game rules
World Eaters is a slot game with 5 columns by 5 rows with dropping symbols.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins are paid for each symbol with a free path to the topmost row and its color matching a visible Collector.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Wins are paid out according to the paytable.
Wins are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Wins are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode.
The game consists of 4 different Collector types with matching payout symbols.
A game round starts with a new set of symbols dropping in on the grid and 2 Collectors entering into view.
Payout symbols matching a visible Collector's color and with a clear path to the topmost row trigger a win and are then removed. If a win has occurred, all remaining symbols gravitate upwards to fill empty spaces. New symbols are refilled from the bottom. The Collector on the left is removed and a new Collector is added from the right. The game continues until there are no more wins.
Payout symbols can occur as stacked symbols. A stacked symbol counts as a multiple of the symbol. The multiple is displayed by its number on the symbol.
The game has a global multiplier that multiplies all wins. Global multiplier starts at 1 and resets for each game round.
The Multiplier Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol and adds its value to the global multiplier when part of a winning combination.
Coin symbols pay out the displayed value times the bet and multiplied by the global multiplier when they have a clear path to the topmost row.
The Grey House symbol is normally a blocker symbol. When the Grey House symbol is vertically or horizontally adjacent to a winning symbol, it turns into a single symbol of that type.
The Whale symbol is a blocker. When neither Collector in view can collect anything, the Whale symbol is triggered and removes itself and all payout symbols on the same column.
The Pipe symbol is triggered when it has a clear path to the topmost row. The Pipe lets a Collector collect all matching symbols below the wall just above the bottom row. The Pipe is used by the Collector, who can collect the highest value.
The Fireworks symbol triggers when it is on the grid at the same time as a Grey House symbol. The Fireworks symbol turns all Grey House symbols on the grid into Multiplier Wild symbols.
The Tree symbol triggers when it is next to empty spaces as a result of a win. The Tree symbol will spawn Forest symbols into any clusters of empty spaces that it is connected to. After a new Collector enters the game and the Tree symbol did spawn a Forest symbol, then all Forest symbols will reveal either a Multiplier Wild symbol or a paying symbol all of one and same type.
The Volcano symbol is a Wild symbol. Once collected, the feature is pending, and triggers when neither Collector in view can collect anymore. The Volcano feature triggers with its Collector while the other Collector is removed. Then a cycle starts were the Collector destroys all payout symbols not of its type. The remaining same type symbols will be stacked with more same type symbols and a refill occurs. This cycle repeats until no new symbols of the Collector's type drops in during the refill. Then win evaluation occurs.
Whenever there is an uncollected Coin symbol on the grid and no more wins are available, it will be collected by the Piggy Bank. Every time the Piggy Bank collects, there is an equal chance it will explode, triggering a coin row drop. In a coin row drop the bottom row is filled with coins and the rest of the grid is filled with rows of matching symbols.
There are 4 features locked at the start of the game: Pipe, Fireworks, Trees and Volcano.
When 3 Whales have triggered, the Pipe feature is unlocked.
When 3 Pipes have triggered, the Fireworks feature is unlocked.
When 3 Fireworks have triggered, the Tree feature is unlocked.
When 3 Trees have triggered, the Volcano feature is unlocked.
Unlocked feature progression and the current state of the Piggy Bank is saved between game rounds for each bet level. Changing the bet level will install the saved values.
3 Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus game with 3 Super drops.
During the Bonus game, the grid size is 7x7.
Each Super drop in the bonus game starts with new Collectors and dropping a new set of symbols into the grid.
The following features do not appear in the Bonus game: Whale, Pipe, Fireworks, Tree and Volcano.
A UFO feature symbol can appear in the Bonus game or in X-iters.
All payout symbols are stacked in the Bonus game, except for coin row drops, and indicated by a number.
Each Bonus symbol in the Bonus game adds 1 additional Super drop.
The UFO symbol can appear in the Bonus game or in X-iters and triggers the Ultra Beast feature. The Ultra Beast replaces the visible Collectors, pays for all payout symbols on the grid and empties the grid from symbols. This cycle can repeat several times until the Ultra Beast leaves and triggers a refill and the regular Collectors return. Ultra Beast drops do not count against remaining Super drops.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The maximum total win is accumulated across all wins in the game round and can be obtained from one big win or several smaller wins. The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-04-14

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:
Buy a game round with a guaranteed Bonus game and a starting global Multiplier of 10. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
EPIC BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with the highest chance to trigger a Bonus game. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MEGA BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with a higher chance to trigger a Bonus game. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:
Buy a game round with a high chance to trigger a Bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
During the X-iter modes, the grid size is 7x7.
A UFO feature symbol appears in the X-iter mode.
The following features do not appear in the X-iter modes: Whale, Pipe, Fireworks, Tree and Volcano.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2026-04-14