Key features
Name in English Skibblings
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 178 connecting paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Deep in the dark corners of dungeons, a rebellion is brewing. For too long, adventurers have stormed in, swinging swords and casting spells, treating the small creatures of the world as nothing more than stepping stones for glory.

But the mobs have had enough. The Imps, Skeletons, Lizardmen, Ratmen and Skibblings have united—not to cower, but to fight back. With numbers on their side and mischief in their hearts, they’re setting traps, swarming heroes, and claiming the dungeon as their own. 

The days of easy victories are over—the real battle has just begun.

Skibblings is a 5 reel, 4 rows slot with spinning reels, a cannon and 14 Skibbling lanterns. The cannon can create mystery symbols and award a respin. At least three bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. Wild and bonus symbols are sticky during respins.
Skibblings has up to 178 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with free spins. Three bonus symbols, including at least one super bonus symbol, trigger the super bonus game. A bonus symbol landing in the bonus game award 1 extra free spin.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, super bonus, mystery, Paladin and Wizard symbols.
The mystery symbols can transform into Wilds or any type of payout symbols.
The Paladin symbol acts as a Wild. When included in a winning combination, it collects all Skibblings from lit lanterns and adds them to the cannon. After the win is paid, the Paladin symbol is removed along with any directly adjacent payout symbols.
The Wizard symbol acts as a Wild. When included in a winning combination, it lights up all unlit lanterns with a random color and explodes all symbols on the game grid.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free spin bonus game. Bonus symbols landing during the bonus game award extra free spins.
The super bonus game is triggered by landing three or more bonus symbols, of which at least one is a super bonus symbol. Each free spin starts with a Skibbling rain.

Game rules
Skibblings is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with spinning reels, 178 ways to win and 14 Skibbling lanterns.
Connecting paylines are when symbols between columns are connected side by side or by corners.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left-to-right only on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
In this game, a payline is considered the same as a win line.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins.
All wins in the current symbol spin are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode and disappear. New symbols spin in from above to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol.
There are 14 Skibbling lanterns on the game grid. Skibblings can be collected from these lanterns. Skibbling lanterns are not affected by gravity.
When a winning combination passes through a Skibbling lantern, it’s collected into the cannon. Depending on the color on the Skibbling lantern it awards a different number of Skibblings:
Crossing the high value Skibbling lantern with a win line will add 10 Skibblings to the cannon. 
Crossing the mid value Skibbling lantern with a win line will add 3 Skibblings to the cannon. 
Crossing the low value Skibbling lantern with a win line will add 1 Skibbling to the cannon.
Unlit Skibbling lanterns can be refilled after each avalanche.
The Cannon Blast feature is triggered when there are no more wins and the cannon holds 5 or more Skibblings.
The Cannon Blast feature begins with a respin that shoots all Skibblings from the cannon. A Skibbling can land on any position on the game grid that does not contain a sticky symbol. Sticky symbols are Wild, Paladin, Wizard, and bonus symbols.
When a Skibbling lands, it transforms into a mystery symbol. Each time a Skibbling lands on an existing mystery symbol, that symbol's multiplier increases. When all Skibblings have landed the reels stop. All mystery symbols then reveal themselves as either one type of payout symbol or Wild symbols. The multiplier will remain on the symbol when it is revealed. If this results in a new win, the avalanche feature continues.
The Skibbling rain feature may trigger at the start of any spin or free spin. It adds Skibblings to the game grid.
When a Skibbling lands during the Skibbling rain feature, it transforms into a mystery symbol. Each time a Skibbling lands on an existing mystery symbol, that symbol's multiplier increases. When all Skibblings have landed the reels stop. All mystery symbols then reveal themselves as either one type of payout symbol or Wild symbols. The multiplier will remain on the symbol when it is revealed. If this results in a new win, the avalanche feature continues.
The Bonus rain feature may trigger during any spin in base game. It adds 2, 3, 4 or 5 bonus symbols or a combination of super bonus and bonus symbols on the game grid.
The Paladin symbol may land in any spin. It acts as a Wild symbol and activates when it is part of a winning combination, it collects all Skibblings from lit lanterns and adds them to the cannon. After the win is paid, the Paladin symbol is removed along with any directly adjacent payout symbols. The avalanche feature continues as long as new wins appear.
The Wizard symbol may land in any spin. It acts as a Wild symbol and activates when it is part of a winning combination. It lights up all unlit Skibbling lanterns in any combination of the high-, mid-, or low-value Skibbling lanterns.
The Wizard explodes, removing itself and all payout symbols on the game grid. All lanterns remain lit after the explosion. The avalanche feature continues as long as new wins appear.
A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free spins.
3 bonus symbols: 7 free spins
4 bonus symbols: 9 free spins
5 bonus symbols: 11 free spins
A combination of bonus symbols and a super bonus symbol triggers the super bonus game where every free spin starts with a guaranteed Skibbling rain.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free spin bonus game. The bonus game starts when there are no more winning combinations.
A bonus symbol that lands during the bonus game awards 1 extra free spin.
In the bonus game all collected Skibblings in the cannon remain between free spins. The Cannon Blast feature is not triggered until there are no more winning combinations at the last free spin.
In the bonus game after the Cannon Blast feature has triggered no more bonus symbols can land on the game grid.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-10-06

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the super bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
King Spin: One spin where a Skibbling rain or Bonus rain is guaranteed at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. The super bonus is guaranteed if the bonus game is triggered.
Mega Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than eight times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than four times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated  2025-10-06