Key features
Name in English Toro911
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 7 rows with 421 ways to win.
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 7 rows

Game description
Toro 911 is a 5 reel, 7 row slot with 421 ways to win. Main features are: Toro, a walking wild that can only drop in on the 5th reel. Toro generates a respin as he moves to the left, one reel at the time. When Toro ends on the first reel he spins out. The Matador, a multiplier Wild that can teleport to a new position on the game grid, generating a respin, or spin out. Diaz, a sticky wild that spawns Matadors. If Matadors or Diaz are on the grid together with Toro, they will be charged, unlocking the Toro Goes Wild feature or the Clean the Streets feature respectively.
The game has 5 columns and 7 rows with 421 ways to win.
There is no bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Toro, Diaz and Matador symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
The Matador is also a multiplier Wild symbol. If one or more Matador symbols land a respin is awarded. During the respin, each Matador symbol moves to a new positions or spins out.
Diaz is a sticky Wild symbol that remains on the game grid as long as more respins are awarded. Diaz will spawn two Matador symbols when he lands.
Toro is a Walking Wild symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. Landing Toro together with one or more Matador symbols will trigger the Toro goes Wild feature. Landing Toro together with Diaz will trigger the Clean the Streets feature.

Game rules
Toro 911 is a 5 reels, 7 rows slot with spinning reels and 421 ways to win.
Connecting paylines are when symbols between columns are connected side by side or by corners.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Toro, Diaz and Matador symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol.
Toro is a Walking Wild symbol that can only land on reel 5. As long as Toro is alone at the game grid he walks leftwards, one reel at the time, until he reaches the first reel and spins out. Toro awards one respin for every step he takes.
If Diaz is on the game grid at the same time as Toro, Toro will trigger the Clean the Streets feature.
At the beginning of Clean the Streets, Diaz will spawn at least one Matador. Toro then charges the Matadors, one at the time, knocking them from the game grid. At last Toro will charge Diaz. Diaz will either be knocked out from the game grid, or escape. If Diaz escapes, a respin is awarded and the feature continues. If Diaz is knocked out the feature ends.
If one or more Matadors are on the game grid together with Toro, but not Diaz, Toro will charges the Matadors, one at the time, knocking them from the game grid.
The first time Toro knocks a Matador from the game grid, Toro will become a multiplier Wild with the multiplier value from the Matador he just knocked out.
If Toro already has a multiplier and knocks a Matador from the game grid, Toro will add the multiplier value from the Matador to his own multiplier value.
Every time Toro charges a Matador or Diaz, Toro will leave a Wild symbol on every symbol position he passes along the way. If Toro passes a position where there is already a Wild, Toro will convert the Wild to a x2 multiplier Wild. If the Wild already has a multiplier, Toro will increase the multiplier value with 1.
Matador symbols are also multiplier Wild symbols with a multiplier value of at least x2.
When Matador symbols lands on the game grid, a respin is awarded.
During respins, the Matador symbols will either remain on the game grid or leave his symbol frame (illustrated by the Matador dropping his gun). As long as at least one Matador symbol remains on the game grid, a new respin is awarded.
Diaz is a sticky Wild that will remain on the game grid for as long as the spin continues, or until Diaz is knocked out by Toro.
When Diaz lands, he will spawn at least one Matador symbol.
For as long as Diaz remains on the game grid, Diaz will increase the multiplier for all Matadors during respins.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-10-01

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Feature Spin:
One spin with guaranteed trigger of the Clean the Streets feature at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Feature Spin:
One spin with guaranteed trigger of the Toro Goes Wild feature at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Diaz Drop:
One spin with a guaranteed Diaz symbol at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Elevated Feature Hunt:
One spin with more than FIVE times the chance to trigger Toro Goes Wild or Clean the Streets features at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Feature Hunt:
One spin with more than TRIPLE the chance to trigger Toro Goes Wild or Clean the Streets features at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025-10-01
Toro cleans the streets from mayor Diaz and his goons. Toro is a Walking Wild, generating respins as he moves. When Toro charges, he spawns a trail of wild symbols behind him. If the Toro moves over a wild, he increase the multiplier on the wild.
Wild symbols substitutes for any symbol except the Matador, Diaz and Toro symbols. The wild symbol can also have a multiplier.
Matador symbols award respins as long as at least one Matador is present on the game grid. During the respin, each Matador symbol will either be disabled, or move to a new position.
If Diaz is present on the game grid together with Matadors, Diaz will increase the multiplier values on all Matadors remaining on the game grid during respins.
Diaz, the corrupt mayor in town, is a sticky wild symbol that only moves when he tries to escape the charging Toro. Diaz will remain on the game grid until the spin is over or he is knocked out by Toro.
If both Diaz and Toro are on the game grid at the same time, the Clean the Streets feature will be triggered. Diaz will spawn matador goons and Toro will charge the goons first and then Diaz.
Toro together with the Matador and Diaz triggers the Clean the Streets feature. Toro will begin with charging any Matadors, one at the time, knocking all Matadors off the grid. Last Toro will charge Diaz who will try to escape capture until he is knocked out.
When Toro charges the Matador or Diaz, Toro will leave a trail of Wild symbols behind on every symbol position he will pass on his way to the target.