Key features
Name in English Crescendo
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Pair or higher valued poker hand
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 1 rows

Game description
Crescendo is a 5 reels 1 row poker style evaluating slot with a 5 position feature inventory.
Winning combinations are determined by evaluating symbol combinations against standard poker hand rankings.
The Bonus game is triggered by collecting 3 Bonus symbols.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
Collecting 3 Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus game.

Game rules
Crescendo is a 5 reels 1 row poker style evaluating slot with a 5 position feature inventory.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Each reel contains at least one instance of the 52 standard playing cards (formed by combinations of ranks 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,J,Q,K,A and the suits Spades, Hearts, Diamonds, and Clubs). Furthermore, Wild cards are present on all reels.
Winning combinations are determined by evaluating symbol combinations against standard poker hand rankings.
Allowed hands are following by rank:
5 of a kind
Royal Straight Flush
Straight Flush
4 of a kind
Full House
Flush
Straight
3 of a kind
2 Pairs
Pair
Each scoring poker hand type is associated with its own base win value, specified in the paytable. If several different poker hand types may be formed simultaneously, the one with the highest base win as stated in the paytable will always be chosen.
The win calculation is supported by two neon boxes. The left, yellow one represents the base win. The right, blue box represents the win multiplier.
The total win of a poker hand is calculated as the product of the base win and the win multiplier as they are stated in their respective boxes after modifiers.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode.
The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
The initial spin of a game round always spins all 5 mini-reels and awards between 1 and 5 feature in the feature inventory.
Each winning poker hand yields a respin. Each respin caused by a winning poker hand reveals a new feature in the feature inventory up to a maximum number of 5.
A winning hand consisting of 5 playing cards results in a complete respin of all cards. Additionally, the win multipliers starting value is doubled for any following wins.
A winning hand consisting of 2, 3, or 4 cards results in a respin in which the cards involved in the win are kept sticky, while those not involved are spun again.
A win is awarded on the respin if a new hand of greater size or equal size but greater value may be formed using some combination of the old and new cards.
Whenever a complete 5 mini-reel spin (such as the initial spin of a game round, a bonus free spin, or the respin after a winning 5 card hand) results in a set of playing cards that does not form any scoring poker hand, but is one card off from forming any form of straight or flush, a respin is awarded. The one card that is 'missing' from the straight and/or flush is respun for an extra chance to form a winning hand. This type of respin does not award an additional feature card. If no new win is presented during the respin there is a chance of it respining again.
Features are always applied one by one from left to right for each matching card in each winning hand. Modifications to the base win and win multiplier caused by feature cards are reset after evaluating each winning hand.
Features targeting specific ranks or suits do not apply to wild cards unless they match their underlying rank/suit (if any). In other words, wild cards substitute for any rank and/or suit for the purposes of forming poker hands, but not for triggering modifiers.
Feature cards are sticky, meaning they can not be removed or altered once added, throughout each game round.
A game round starts by resetting the multiplier starting value and activating 1 to 5 features in the feature inventory. Then a new set of symbols spun in on the reels.
Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol.
Add To Base Win feature adds the stated value to the base win for each symbol in a winning combination matching the stated type.
Add To Multiplier feature adds the stated value to the multiplier for each symbol in a winning combination matching the stated type.
Multiply base Win feature multiplies the base win with the stated value for each symbol in a winning combination matching the stated type.
Multiply Multiplier feature multiplies the multiplier with the stated value for each symbol in a winning combination matching the stated type.
Make Wild feature takes effect before evaluation and turn all landed symbols that match the stated type into Wilds. Symbols that have been made Wild by a make Wild feature counts as both Wild and its original type when features are applied.
Collecting 3 bonus symbols triggers the bonus game giving 5 free spins.
Multiplier and features are carried over from base to bonus game and between free spins.
Features in the feature inventory are sticky during the entire bonus game.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025-08-05

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:                                     
Play a game round with a guaranteed start with 5 features and Bonus game. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:                                           
Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
5 FEATURES:                                
Play a game round with a guaranteed start with 5 features. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
3 FEATURES:                                      
Play a game round with a guaranteed start with 3 features. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:                                      
Buy a game round that starts with 1 bonus in the inventory and with more than triple the chance to trigger a Bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2025-05-14