Key features
Name in English Concrete Cowboys
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines The number of possible paylines vary based on the position of the Collectors.
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 5 rows

Game description
Concrete Cowboys is a 5 row by 5 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 8 columns. Central game features are: The four Collectors that move around the grid collecting gems and feature symbols, the Wrecking Ball meter that counts the number of symbols collected and triggers a Wrecking Ball when the meter is full, 3 minigames with different mechanics, and a bonus game.
Wins are generated by the four Collectors collecting horizontally or vertically adjacent gems, Wilds or coins, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three Bonus symbols collected by the Collectors during a game round trigger the bonus game with 5 bonus drops. The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection meter, the collection of additional Bonus symbols and the payout level of the gems are all persistent during the bonus game. Bonus symbols collected during bonus mode award additional drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
There are four types of gems, one for each Collector. The Collectors can only collect the gems that have the same color as the Collector. The gems can be upgraded to higher payout levels.
The bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if the Collectors collect three Bonus symbols during a game round. The bonus game starts after all features have resolved and there are no more wins to collect.
The super bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if one of the three collected Bonus symbols is a super Bonus symbol. The super bonus game starts on 8 rows and 8 columns.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective payout level.
A collected Transform symbol Transforms a cluster of gems next to the active Collector into the same color as the Collector that collected the Transform symbol. A collected Transform symbol that cannot convert any payout symbols acts as a pending Dynamite symbol instead.
The upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of all gems of the same color as the Collector that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the gems can increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The upgrade all symbol upgrades all four different colored gems at the same time. The payout level of the gems can increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
A coin symbol collected by a Collector pays its value times the current active bet level.
Once all Collectors have had the chance to collect, a collected Level Up symbol expands the grid by 1, 2, or 3 rows and columns (up to the maximum size of 8x8) and triggers a redrop of all symbols and Collectors. Any pending Dynamite symbol or Transform symbol acting as a pending Dynamite symbol is carried over to the new level.
Once collected, a Dynamite symbol enters a pending state until just before the next refill. On activation, it will kill Collectors and blow up payout symbols in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal line.
The tunnel symbol allows Collectors to move to another cluster of that Collector's color that it otherwise would not be able to reach.
Collecting a Walkie Talkie triggers the Karen Collector to enter the grid.
Karen is a special Collector that can substitute for 1-4 other Collectors when triggered. When Karen enters the grid, 1 Collector is removed from the grid. Karen will appear in one of the uncollected clusters corresponding to the removed Collector's color and collect them, as well as any other symbols of that Collector's color she can reach. If Karen and another Collector end up next to each other after collecting, Karen will remove that Collector and collect its symbol type as well.
The Walkie Talkie in the Employee of the Month minigame brings another Collector into the queue. Each Collector in the queue triggers 1 respin of the minigame.
The Ladder symbol is exclusive to the Employee of the Month minigame, where it allows a Collector on its level to climb up 1 level. Ladders are removed after use.
The Accumulator symbol is exclusive to the Employee of the Month minigame. Once landed and when all reels have stopped, the Accumulator becomes a coin that is worth the combined value of every other coin present on the grid at that time.
Collecting the Building Time symbol triggers the Building Time minigame.
Spreader symbols fill all adjacent empty spaces on a row or column with copies of themselves.

Game rules

X-iter rules