Key features
Name in English Huff N’ Puff CollectR
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines The number of possible paylines vary based on the position of the pigs.
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6 rows

Game description
Huff N' Puff CollectR is a 6 row by 6 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 8 columns. Central game features are: The four pigs that move around the grid collecting gems and feature symbols, the symbol collection meter that counts the number of symbols collected and adds a pending feature symbol release when the meter is full, and the bonus game with bonus drops.

A central thing in the different bonus modes is that hat symbols can land. They build frames on the positions they land on that build houses. 
The big bad wolf then huffs and puffs resulting in the houses getting destroyed, revealing different value coins.
Wins are generated by the four pigs collecting horizontally or vertically adjacent gems or wilds resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three bonus symbols collected by the pigs during a game round trigger the bonus drops bonus game. The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection meter and the payout level of the gems are all persistent during the bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. 
Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
There are four types of gems, one for each pigs. The pigs can only collect the gems that have the same color as the pigs. The gems can be upgraded to higher payout levels.
The bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if the pigs collect three bonus symbols during a game round. If one or more feature symbol releases are pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be released as a part of the first bonus drop.
The super bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if one of the three collected bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol. The super bonus game starts with the super saw feature. 
The super saw feature moves across the grid leaving frames behind it.
The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective payout level.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of gems next to the pig into the same color as the pig. It may also convert a number of gems into feature symbols.
The upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of all gems of the same color as the pig that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the gems can increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The upgrade all symbol upgrades all four different colored gems at the same time. The payout level of the gems can increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The jackhammer feature places pig tokens in empty grid spaces when it is collected by a pig. The pigs are then able to cross empty spaces one time each to reach additional symbols.
A collected wolf construction symbol triggers the wolf construction feature. The crane collects symbols column by column.
The wolf demolition feature removes all the symbols and pigs on the game grid and new symbols drop in. It can trigger anytime at the end of a dead spin.
If the mad chicken symbol is horizontally or vertically adjacent to a pig, the mad chicken feature is triggered and the mad chicken moves to a new position and leaves a feature symbol in its previous position.
The piggy bank collects all piggy coins on the game grid. The piggy bank can explode at any time, triggering the super or Jackpot wheel.
The golden wheel is triggered when the pigs or wolf has collected all symbols on the game grid. Every spin on the Golden wheel awards a prize.
The hat symbol exists only in the bonus, super bonus, hat mania and mega hat mania bonuses.
A hat symbol creates a frame on it's position. A hat that appears on a position that already has a frame upgrades that frame to the next level. Each level has its own range of coin symbols.
Hat mania is triggered when won on the golden or super wheel and is played on a 6x6 game grid.
Mega hat mania is triggered when won on the golden or super wheel and is played on a 8x8 game grid. Before the bonus drops begin, a number of mega hat drops are awarded.

Game rules
Huff N´ Puff CollectR is a 6 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns.
All drops in normal mode start with gems on payout level 1 and with a grid size of 6 rows by 6 columns.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Huff N´ Puff CollectR is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with bonus drops.
Huff N´ Puff CollectR has four collecting pig symbols that can move around the game grid. Each pig is paired with a gem of the same color as the pig.
The pigs can collect gems of the same color as the pigs and all feature symbols.
The pigs can collect gems of the same color as the pigs and all feature symbols except the mad chicken symbol.
The pigs collect symbols by moving to horizontally or vertically adjacent collectable symbols.
Paying symbols consist of gems and wild symbols.
Wins are generated by a pig moving and collecting paying symbols.
Gems can be individually upgraded to higher payout levels, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The pigs continue to collect until they cannot collect any more symbols. A pig can move multiple times before a symbol refill occurs. 
Collected symbols and activated feature symbols are removed from the game grid. 
Thereafter, all remaining symbols and pigs move vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in from above to fill the empty spaces. 
The avalanche continues as long as at least one pig can move.
Above the game grid there is a symbol collection meter. The meter keeps track of the collected symbols. Only gems and wild symbols collected by any of the four pigs count. 
The symbol collection meter continues to count collected symbols until the pigs cannot collect more symbols.
The wolf in the crane doesn't contribute to the collection meter and the collection meter is disabled during the wolf construction feature. 
The pigs are unable to collect symbols during the wolf construction feature.
When the symbol collection meter is full, one pending feature symbol release is added.
Up to three feature symbol releases can be kept pending. All pending feature symbol releases are awarded simultaneously.
Corner bombs are located in each corner of the initial 6x6 game grid. 
Each corner bomb is assigned a pig's color at the start of the round and at the start of every bonus drop in the bonus game. 
All four corners are assigned different colors.
If a pig collects a symbol on top of a corner bomb of the same color as the pig, the bomb is activated. A corner bomb detonates when the pigs are unable to collect more symbols. 
It removes all pigs from the game grid and removes all gems and pigs within a 3x3 area originating from the corner bomb. When it detonates, the corner bomb also removes the connected pipeline section. 
Corner bombs expand the game grid, up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns.
A feature symbol release is awarded prior to corner bomb detonating, as a part of the first bonus drop in the bonus game, or when the pigs can't collect any more symbols.
A feature symbol release converts a number of gems into feature symbols.
There are 9 different types of feature symbols in Huff N´ Puff CollectR; bonus, super bonus, wild, upgrade, upgrade all, transform, jackhammer, hat and wolf construction.
There are 10 different types of feature symbols in Huff N´ Puff CollectR; bonus, super bonus, wild, upgrade, upgrade all, transform, jackhammer, hat, mad chicken and wolf construction.
A collected upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of gems of the same color as the pig that collected the upgrade symbol. 
If the pig has no gems of its color in view or has reached payout level 7 another color gem will be upgraded.
The payout of the gems increase by 1, 2 or 3 levels, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
A collected upgrade all symbol upgrades all four gems simultaneously. The payout of the gems increase by 1, 2 or 3 levels, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The wolf construction feature triggers when a pig collects the wolf construction symbol. The feature is kept pending and is activated when the pigs are unable to collect more symbols.
During the wolf construction feature the wolf collect symbols column by column in an order.
The wolf can collect any gem, pig or feature symbol except the jackhammer and transform symbols which are discarded by the wolf. 
The wolf activates the corner bomb when collecting symbols on the corner bomb positions. 
The corner bombs are kept pending and is activated when the feature is done. 
If the wolf collects a Wild symbol it pays as the current highest achieved payout level.
If the wolf collects an upgrade symbol one of the payout symbols will be upgraded.
When collecting a pig the collection by the wolf gets interrupted and a fight is instigated.
The crane multiplier has a starting value of 1.
If the wolf wins the fight, the crane multiplier increases with +1 and the defeated pig is removed from the game grid for the rest of the feature. 
The wolf then selects a column and continues to collect symbols. If the pig defeats the wolf, the wolf construction feature ends and the crane multiplier is applied to the accumulated value before it is paid out.
During the wolf construction feature, the total collected value and the multiplier achieved by the wolf are accumulated and presented on the crane.
If the wolf defeats all four pigs, the wolf collects all remaining symbols on the game grid and the crane multiplier is applied to the accumulated value before it is paid out.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of gems next to the pig into the same color as the pig that collected the transform symbol. 
It may also convert gems into feature symbols.
The jackhammer symbol places pig tokens in empty grid spaces when it is collected by a pig. 
The pigs are then able to cross empty spaces one time each to reach additional symbols.
Wolf demolition feature can be triggered at any time when the pigs are unable to collect any more symbols. 
Wolf demolition feature removes all symbols and pigs from the game grid and then drops them back onto the game grid again in a different order. 
One, two or three pigs can be removed by the wolf demolition feature. 
All gems of the same color as a removed pig are replaced by the color of one or more of the returning pigs.
The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective payout level. A pig can't finish a symbol collect on a wild symbol. If a pig ends up on a wild it will move into an empty position.
Two adjacent pigs have a chance to perform a "Switcheroo" when they can't collect more symbols. If triggered, the pigs switch places horizontally or vertically.
A pig "Switcheroo" also has a chance to be triggered by two adjacent pigs. If triggered, one of the pigs will be moved to the edge of the game grid or to the next symbol it can collect in its trajectory. 
Gems that are not collectable by that pig doesn't contribute to the collection meter when removed.
The golden wheel feature is triggered when the pigs or wolf has collected all the collectable symbols on the game grid. 
The golden wheel is activated immediately, and any potentially already activated features are kept pending.
Every spin on the golden wheel awards a prize. 
The golden wheel can award one of the following prizes; mega hat mania, hat mania, bonus, super bonus or instant payouts that are multiples of the selected bet level.
Instant payouts will be awarded immediately.
Big Tony's extra chance feature can be triggered when the pigs are unable to collect any more symbols. It activates one, two, three or four corner bombs. 
The bombs detonate simultaneously and the pigs leave the game grid.
The pipeline surrounding the original game grid has four sections, and it acts as a tunnel when at least one of the sections is removed by a detonated corner bomb. 
A pig can move through the tunnel when it can collect the symbols at the entrance and at the exit of the tunnel. Each tunnel section can reveal up to two feature symbols, which are collected as the pig passes by.
A well becomes available in a corner when at least two pipeline sections have been removed. 
Pigs can travel between wells if collectable symbols are on top of two or more wells.
The piggy fight feature is triggered when three or more pigs end up horizontally or vertically adjacent and are unable to collect more symbols.
During the piggy fight feature, the pigs fight into one symbol position, removing all gems in a 5x5 area originating from the symbol position of the fight. 
The pigs fly away either horizontally, vertically or diagonally from the fight position. The corner bombs, wolf construction symbol, bonus and super bonus symbols are automatically collected or activated if they are in the path of a flying pig. 

Gems are removed along the path of the flying pigs, but they do not count in the symbol collection meter. Other feature symbols are not affected.
During the piggy fight feature, the pigs fight into one symbol position, removing all gems in a 5x5 area originating from the symbol position of the fight. 
The pigs fly away either horizontally, vertically or diagonally from the fight position. The corner bombs, wolf construction symbol, bonus and super bonus symbols are automatically collected or activated if they are in the path of a flying pig. 
Gems are removed along the path of the flying pigs, but they do not count in the symbol collection meter. 

If the mad chicken is in the way of a flying pig it moves to another position on the grid leaving a feature symbol in its place.

Other feature symbols are not affected.
Hat mania is triggered when won on the golden or super wheel and is played on a 6x6 game grid. 
3 bonus drops are awarded and landing 3 or more hats awards +1 additional bonus drop.
Only hats and empty positions can land during bonus drops in hat mania. 
When no bonus drops remain, all frames in view are replaced by houses that reveal coin symbols. The coin symbols pay their displayed value multiplied by the selected bet level.
Mega hat mania is triggered when won on the golden or super wheel and is played on a 8x8 game grid. 
3 bonus drops are awarded and landing 3 or more hats awards +1 additional bonus drop.

Before the bonus drops begin, a number of mega hat drops are awarded. 
During a mega hat drop one or two mega hats can land. 
When no more mega hats drops are awarded the bonus drops begin. 
No additional bonus drops are awarded during the mega hat drops.

Only hats and empty positions can land during bonus drops in mega hat mania. 
When no bonus drops remain, all frames in view are replaced by houses that reveal coin symbols. The coin symbols pay their displayed value multiplied by the selected bet level.
The hat symbol exists only in the bonus, super bonus, hat mania and mega hat mania bonuses.  
 
Mega hats exists only in hat manic and mega hat mania in the following sizes;

Hat mania: 1x1, 2x2, 3x3, 4x4, 5x5 and 6x6. 
Mega hat mania: 1x1, 2x2, 3x3, 4x4, 5x5, 6x6, 7x7 and 8x8. 

A mega hat is counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
A hat symbol creates a frame on it's grid position. 
In bonus and super bonus the hat is removed revealing a payout symbol.
In hat mania and mega hat mania the hat is removed and leaves an empty position. 



Frames have three levels, straw, wood and brick, each level has its own range of coin symbols.


Straw level: 0.25, 0.5, 1 or 2 coins.
Wood level: 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 5, 7.5, 10, 25, 100, 500 or 2500 coins.
Brick level: 5, 7.5, 10, 25, 100, 500 or 2500 coins.


A hat that appears on a position that already has a frame upgrades that frame to the next level.
A hat that appears on a brick level frame creates a new brick level frame on another selected symbol position, a brick frame can't land on another brick frame. 

Frames are persistent between bonus drops in the bonus, super bonus, hat mania and mega hat mania and are paid out at the end of the bonus game. 
The coin symbols pay their displayed value multiplied by the selected bet level.
Piggy coins can land in any drop or bonus drop. Piggy coins are added to the piggy bank and are then removed revealing payout symbols. 

The piggy bank can trigger The super wheel or The Jackpot wheel any time piggy coins are added to the piggy bank.

The state of the piggy bank is kept between game rounds for each bet level. Every game round has the same probability to trigger the piggy bank feature.
Every spin on the Jackpot wheel awards one of the following instant payouts; 10x, 25x, 100x, 500x or 2500x.

The values are multiplied with the selected bet level. Instant payouts will be awarded immediately.
Every spin on the super wheel awards one of the following prizes; mega hat mania, hat mania, bonus, super bonus or instant payouts that are multiples of the selected bet level.
Instant payouts will be awarded immediately.
The mad chicken feature symbol can land in any drop or bonus drop.

If the mad chicken is horizontally or vertically adjacent to a pig, the mad chicken is triggered and moves to a new position and leaves a feature symbol in its previous position.

The mad chicken will also be triggered if; 

- The wolf Crane is about to pick up its current position.
- The mad chicken is in the trajectory of a pig that is launched from a piggy fight.
- The Saw feature moves over the mad chicken's position in the bonus and super bonus. 


The mad chicken is dropped out at the end of the game round or between bonus drops.
The bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if the pigs collect three bonus symbols during an active game round. 5 bonus drops are awarded.
Landing 3 or more hats in the same drop or symbol refill awards +1 additional bonus drop to the bonus game.
The regular bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and columns.
A collected bonus symbol in the bonus or super bonus mode triggers the Saw Feature. 
The Saw Feature starts from the position horizontally or vertically adjacent to the pig that collects the bonus symbol and moves in that direction across the grid. 
Frames are created or upgraded on all positions that the bonus symbol passes over. 
If the bonus symbol moves over a brick frame it will create a new brick frame on another selected symbol position. A brick frame can't land on another brick frame.
The progress on the symbol collection meter and the payout level of the gems are persistent during the bonus game.
If there is a wolf construction feature, corner bomb or feature symbol release pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be activated as a part of the first bonus drop.
The super bonus game is triggered if one of the three bonus symbols collected is a super bonus symbol.
At the start of a super bonus game before bonus drops begin, the super saw feature is triggered. 
The super saw feature moves across rows on the game grid, creating or upgrading frames on all positions it moves over. 
The super saw can move over the same row multiple times.
The super bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and columns.
The bonus drops bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The bonus drops bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Huff N' Puff CollectR is __RTP__
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-03-02

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super bonus: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mega hat mania: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the mega hat mania at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Wolf construction: 
One drop with the wolf construction feature triggered at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet. Super bonus is guaranteed if the bonus game is triggered.
Bonus hunt: 
One drop with 3 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Huff N' Puff CollectR is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2026-03-02