Key features
Name in English Bonzo’s Bananza
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 259 connecting paylines
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 5 rows

Game description
Deep in the South American jungle lies a hidden temple of riches guarded by Bonzo, an unusually intelligent and arrogant monkey. 
Bonzo’s only weakness is receiving love from the Banana. When they connect, all his pretensions vanish and the primal ape within takes over. 
In those moments of pure joy, he completely forgets to guard the temple — giving treasure hunters a golden opportunity to loot the place.
Bonzo's Bananza has 259 connecting paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
3 or more bonus symbols trigger the Bonus spins bonus game. 4 bonus symbols award a Monkey wild symbol landing on the first spin. 5 bonus symbols award 2 Monkey wild symbols landing on the first spin.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Monkey wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. The Monkey wild symbol is a 5-row tall symbol that nudges to cover the full reel and awards a random multiplier. Each Monkey wild landed also awards one respin where it stays sticky on its reel.
The Monkey Wild multiplier can increase if it connects with a Banana Wild.
The Banana Up wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. It is a 2-row tall symbol without a multiplier value that nudges upwards, giving respins until off screen. The Banana Up wild will randomly connect with a Monkey wild creating an increase in the multiplier for each nudge.
The Banana Down wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. It is a 2-row tall symbol without a multiplier value that nudges downwards, giving respins until off screen. The Banana Down wild will randomly connect with a Monkey wild creating an increase in the multiplier for each nudge.
A combination of 3 or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game. 4 bonus symbols award a Monkey wild symbol landing on the first spin. 5 bonus symbols award 2 Monkey wild symbols landing on the first spin.
The Banana wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. It is a 2-row tall symbol without a multiplier value that nudges upwards or downwards, giving respins until off screen. The Banana wild will randomly connect with a Monkey wild creating an increase in the multiplier for each nudge.

Game rules
Bonzo's Bananza is a 5 reel, 5 rows slot with spinning reels and 259 connecting paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with bonus spins.
Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left-to-right only on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed.
Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. An active payline is defined as the longest winning symbol combination that is formed during a game round.
The Monkey wild and Banana wild substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. A payline of all wild symbols pays as the highest value symbol.
The Monkey wild symbol is a 5-row tall symbol. This symbol nudges into the screen until covering all 5 rows. When all reels have landed, a random multiplier is added.
Landing a Monkey wild symbol awards a respin where all Monkey wild symbols currently in view are kept sticky. In the case of multiple Monkey wild symbols landing simultaneously, the respins are stacked and played out one by one.
The Banana wild is a 2-row tall symbol without a multiplier value that nudges upwards or downwards, giving respins until off screen.
Banana wild will randomly connect with a Monkey wild creating an increase in the multiplier for each nudge.
The increment amount applied to each multiplier on a Monkey wild symbol when a nudge occurs by the Banana wild may differ.
A combination of 3 or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode, awarding 5 bonus spins. 4 bonus symbols award a Monkey wild symbol landing on the first spin, 5 bonus symbols award 2 Monkey wild symbols landing on the first spin.
During bonus mode, landing 3 or more bonus symbols award 5 additional bonus spins; 4 bonus symbols also award a Monkey wild symbol landing on the next bonus spin; 5 bonus symbols also award 2 Monkey wild symbols landing on the next bonus spin.
All Monkey wild symbols landing in bonus mode are kept sticky throughout the remaining bonus spins.
Bonus spins are not consumed during respins triggered by Monkey wild symbols or Banana wild symbols in the bonus game.
It is possible to trigger the bonus game during a respin. When this occurs, the state of the game prior to entering the bonus game is saved. After the bonus game is completed, the game resets to the trigger state and the base game respins continue.
Monkey Wild symbols present within a base game bonus trigger are not brought into the bonus game.
It is possible to enter the bonus game multiple times during a game round.
The bonus spins bonus game ends when no bonus spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the game round.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in the game is __RTP__.
The game will be capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2025.12.02

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Buy a game round triggering the bonus game with 5 bonus symbols, resulting in 5 bonus spins and 2 Monkey wild symbols landing on the first spin. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: Buy a game round triggering the bonus game with at least 3 bonus symbols, resulting in 5 bonus spins. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Monkey Wild Bananza: Buy a game round where 2 Monkey wild symbols land. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Monkey Wild: Buy a game round where a Monkey wild symbol lands. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: Buy a game round with more than 3 times the chance to trigger the bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in the game is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2025.12.02
Each Monkey wild nudges to cover full reel to award a random multiplier and a respin.
A two row high wild symbol that nudges either up or down to award respins until it leaves the screen.
The Banana wild will randomly connect with the Monkey wild creating an increase in the multiplier for each nudge.
3 or more bonus symbols trigger the Bonus spins bonus game. Bonus spins can be retriggered.
4 bonus symbols awards a Monkey wild symbol landing on the first spin! 5 bonus symbols award 2!
Monkey wild symbols will remain sticky for any spins remaining of the Bonus Game.