Key features
Name in English Deadcode
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 5 columns and 5 rows (expandable up to 7 rows) with match-3 cluster pays.
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 5–7 rows

Game description
Deadcode is a match-3 cluster pays slot where you breach corporate firewalls in a living digital grid. Wins are formed by clusters of 3 or more identical symbols and can cascade with gravity and Avalanches. Each win increases a Global Multiplier and can fill Collectors that trigger powerful subroutine features such as Mystery X, Terminate, Upgrade, Refactor and Refresh, expanding the grid up to 7 rows. When a game round ends, a Breach can occur for a last hurrah, transforming non-winning symbols into new ones to chase additional wins. The maximum win is up to 5,000x your bet.
Wins are generated by clusters of three or more connected identical payout symbols. Clusters are formed orthogonally (horizontally or vertically) and can expand through Avalanches. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by the Global Multiplier. The RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three Bonus and/or Super Bonus symbols trigger a bonus game with Bonus Drops. If at least one of the triggering symbols is a Super Bonus symbol, the Super Bonus game is triggered. During bonus games, the grid, Global Multiplier and Collector meters are persistent between Bonus Drops. Bonus and Super Bonus symbols collected during a bonus game award +1 Bonus Drop.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. The total win is displayed in the center of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This is only the sum of all the winnings in a game round. If the player changes currency, the displayed winnings will be converted to the selected currency.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. Wild symbols do not substitute for Bonus or Super Bonus symbols.
Three Bonus symbols trigger a bonus game. Bonus games are played as Bonus Drops and end when no Bonus Drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Three Bonus symbols with at least one of them being a Super Bonus symbol trigger a Super Bonus game. Bonus games are played as Bonus Drops and end when no Bonus Drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.

Game rules
Deadcode is a 5 column slot with a 5 row symbol grid which can expand up to 7 rows.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 3 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected.  A payout symbol can be part of more than one winning cluster. Only the largest cluster of the connected identical symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Symbols drop into the grid and wins are evaluated. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols fall down with gravity to create Avalanches.
After each Avalanche containing at least 1 win, the Global Multiplier increases by 1.
After each Avalanche, the game refills all empty spaces with new symbols and re-evaluates for wins until no more wins occur.
Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol. One Wild symbol can be created in the middle of a winning cluster of exactly 3 symbols. A Wild symbol can also be created by certain subroutine features.
The grid contains a Collector for each column, each linked to a Subroutine feature. Collectors fill when you collect winning symbols matching their type. Wilds and Kickers count toward any Collector.
When a Collector is filled, its Subroutine feature becomes pending. Collectors fill progressively, requiring 3 symbols for the first filled Collector, then 5, then 7, and 10 symbols for each further filled Collector in a round. Pending Subroutine feature triggers when there are no more wins on a grid full of symbols. If multiple Collectors are pending, they activate from left to right when the game round ends.
Mystery X transforms payout symbols into one payout symbol type in a diagonal X pattern.
Terminate removes 1 to 3 payout symbol types from the grid. The Global Multiplier is then increased.
Upgrade selects a payout symbol type and upgrades all occurrences of that symbol into a higher-value symbol type.
Refactor selects 3 to 5 symbol positions that are neither feature symbols nor part of a win, and transforms them into feature symbols such as Wild, Bonus, and Super Bonus symbols.
Refresh expands the grid by +1 row and clears all payout symbols. If the grid is already at 7 rows, Refresh will only clear payout symbols.
When a game round ends with no further wins, a Breach may occur.
During a Breach, all non-winning payout symbols are removed and replaced with new symbols. Winning symbols and feature symbols remain sticky.
If new or improved wins appear, the Breach continues by removing all payout symbols not part of a win without gravity, refilling the grid, and re-evaluating for wins.
The Breach ends when no new wins occur.
A combination of three Bonus symbols triggers a Bonus game.
If at least one of the triggering symbols is a Super Bonus symbol, the Super Bonus game is triggered.
Bonus Game: The Bonus game starts with 7 Bonus Drops.
Super Bonus Game: The Super Bonus game starts with 7 Bonus Drops.
Each Bonus Drop is played like a normal game round, and the number of remaining Bonus Drops is reduced by one when the Bonus Drop ends.
During Bonus Games, collected Bonus symbols award +1 Bonus Drop and transform into a Wild symbol.
During Super Bonus Games, collected Super Bonus symbols award +1 Bonus Drop and transform into a Wild symbol.
All grid expansions, the Global Multiplier and Subroutine collectors are persistent across Bonus Drops in the Bonus game and the Super Bonus game.
In the Super Bonus game, each Bonus Drop begins with 1 to 5 Subroutine collectors loaded.
The Bonus Drop Bonus game ends when no Bonus Drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Deadcode is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-03-31

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus game. All Bonus Drops start with 1-5 subroutine features at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the Bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Subroutine Overload: Guaranteed 1-5 subroutine features at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mega Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than 8 times the chance to trigger the Bonus game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: One spin with more than 4 times the chance to trigger the Bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Deadcode is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2026-03-31