Key features
Name in English Oxygen 3
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster Wins
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 7 rows

Game description
Oxygen 3 is a 6 column, 7 row slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins. The main features are the Oxygen Bubbles with multipliers, big symbols, 6 different types of Wild symbols, a Clam feature symbol that if activated will trigger a Starfish, a Squid, or a Pearl feature, a Multiplier Strike feature and a Bonus game with bonus drops.
Oxygen 3 is a cluster game where 5 or more vertically or horizontally connected identical symbols trigger a win.
A combination of three Bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the Bonus game with bonus drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
The Clam symbol is also a Wild and substitutes for any payout symbol. If the Clam symbol is part of a winning combination it will trigger one of three features immediately after the win evaluation. The Starfish feature, the Squid feature, or the Pearl feature.
The Pearl feature is one of three features that can be triggered by the activated Clam. Only one Pearl can be present on the game grid at any time. After win evaluation, before gravity, the Pearl feature is triggered. One payout symbol from the game grid is selected. Every symbol of this type will be kept sticky on the game grid throughout this feature. Feature symbols on the game grid are also kept sticky, and persistent even if they contribute to winning combinations. A redrop cycle is started where all other payout symbols drop out and new symbols drop in. The redrop cycle continues as long as at least one more payout symbol of the selected kind or Wild symbol lands, or until the grid is full of symbols of the selected type and / or feature symbols. Once the redrop cycle concludes, all sticky symbols are released and a win evaluation follows including all symbols on the game grid.
The Squid symbol is one of three symbols that can appear when a Clam opens. The Squid starts a cyclic behaviour where it generates a Wild symbol on its current position, then moves to a new position. The Squid will repeat this cycle until it leaves the game grid.
The Starfish symbol is one of three symbols that can appear when a Clam opens. The Starfish starts a cyclic behaviour where it rotates to point itself in a horizontal, vertical or diagonal direction. The Starfish will then remove payout symbols along this direction. Any feature symbols that are positioned along this path will be activated. At the last position, the Starfish will increase the multiplier. This cycle will repeat until the Starfish transforms itself into a Wild symbol.
The Exploding Wild activates an explode feature when it is part of a winning cluster. The explode feature removes all payout symbols within two cone shaped areas facing up and down from itself or to the left and the right from itself. The feature triggers when no more winning combinations appear. Clam symbols, Exploding Wilds and Blaster Wilds within the cone shaped areas will be activated.
The Blaster Wild symbol is a special Wild symbol that can be activated to trigger a blast. The Blaster Wild is activated when it is part of a winning cluster or when it is affected by the explosion from a blast from another Blaster Wild, an Exploding Wild or a Starfish. The blast converts all payout symbols within an X- or Plus- shaped pattern from the Wild symbol, converting them into identical symbols. Symbols that already have been converted by another blast will be converted into Wilds.
3 Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus game. If one of the three Bonus symbols is a Super Bonus symbol, the Super Bonus game is triggered. The Bonus game can be retriggered.

Game rules
Oxygen 3 is a 6 columns x 7 rows slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are connected vertically or horizontally. Only the largest cluster of the connecting symbols is paid out.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and Bonus mode with bonus drops.
The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
Oxygen 3 uses the Avalanche mechanic: The game starts with a symbol drop. All winning symbols are collected and are either removed or, if the symbol is a special wild, activated to be exploded later. Remaining symbols are affected by gravity, meaning they will fall vertically until they reach a resting position. New symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces.
The avalanche continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
The first time a winning symbol is removed, an Oxygen Bubble is activated on that symbol position. Every time a winning symbol is removed over an existing bubble position, the multiplier value is doubled (the activated Oxygen Bubble counts as x1). Oxygen Bubbles are not affected by gravity. All Oxygen Bubbles and their multiplier values are persistent between bonus drops in Bonus mode.
The Multiplier Strike feature will place clusters of Oxygen Bubbles with multipliers on the game grid before the symbol drop. The Multiplier Strike feature can trigger in any symbol drop or bonus drop.
The Clam symbol is also a Wild and substitutes for any payout symbol. If the Clam symbol is part of a winning combination it will trigger one of three features immediately after the win evaluation. The Starfish feature, the Squid feature, or the Pearl feature.
The Pearl feature is one of three features that can be triggered by the activated Clam.
Only one Pearl can be present on the game grid at any time.
After win evaluation, before gravity, the Pearl feature is triggered. One payout symbol from the game grid is selected. Every symbol of this type will be kept sticky on the game grid throughout this feature.
Feature symbols on the game grid are also kept sticky, and persistent even if they contribute to winning combinations. A redrop cycle is started where all other types of payout symbols drop out and new symbols drop in.
The redrop cycle continues as long as at least one more payout symbol of the selected kind, or a Wild symbol lands, or until the grid is full of symbols of the selected type and / or feature symbols.
Once the redrop cycle concludes, all sticky symbols are released and a final win evaluation follows including all symbols on the game grid.
The Squid symbol is one of three symbols that can appear when a Clam opens.
The Squid starts a cyclic behaviour where it generates a Wild symbol on its current position, then moves to a new position.
The Squid will repeat this cycle until it leaves the game grid.
The Starfish symbol is one of three symbols that can appear when a Clam opens.
When the Starfish appears, it starts a cyclic behaviour where it rotates to point itself in a horizontal, vertical or diagonal direction. The Starfish will then remove payout symbols along this direction. Any feature symbols that are positioned along this path will be activated. At the last position, the Starfish will increase the multiplier.
The Starfish will repeat this cycle until the Starfish transforms itself into a Wild symbol.
The Exploding Wild symbol is a special Wild symbol that can be activated to trigger an explosion.
The Exploding Wild is activated when it is part of a winning cluster or when it is affected by the explosion from another Exploding Wild or a blast from a Blaster Wild or a Starfish.
An activated Exploding Wild will explode when no more winning combinations appear. The explosion removes all payout symbols within two cone shaped areas facing up and down or left and the right from the Wild symbol, forcing a refill of symbols.
The Blaster Wild symbol is a special Wild symbol that can be activated to trigger a blast.
The Blaster Wild is activated when it is part of a winning cluster or when it is affected by the explosion from a blast from another Blaster Wild or an Exploding Wild or a Starfish.
The blast converts all payout symbols within an X- or Plus- shaped pattern from the Blaster Wild symbol, converting them into identical symbols. Symbols that previouly have been converted by another blast, and are affected by a second blast will be converted into Wilds.
Symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may appear in any symbol drop. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
3 Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus game with 10 bonus drops.
The Bonus game has an Oxygen Meter that fills up for each winning combination. When full, the meter is emptied and will trigger and upgrade a cluster of multipliers on the game grid.
3 Bonus symbols where one of the Bonus symbols is a Super Bonus symbol trigger the Super Bonus game.
The Super Bonus game has a Super Oxygen Meter that fills up for each winning combination. When full, the meter is emptied and will trigger and upgrade a large cluster of multipliers on the game grid.
The levels of the Oxygen Meter and the Super Oxygen Meter are persistent between Bonus drops.
The Bonus game and Super Bonus game can be retriggered. 2 Bonus symbols in Bonus mode will add +3 bonus drops. 3 Bonus symbols in Bonus mode will add +5 bonus drops.
The Bonus game with bonus drops ends when no bonus drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
No bets can be changed during a game round.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 20260310

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
SUPER BONUS: 
Guarantees entry to the Super Bonus game with 10 Bonus drops at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS GAME: 
Guarantees entry to the Bonus game with 10 Bonus drops at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
CLAM CHOWDER: 
One drop that guarantees 3 Clam symbols on the game grid at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MEGA HUNT: 
One game round with more than 6 times the chance to trigger the Bonus game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT: 
One game round with more than 3 times the chance to trigger the Bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 20260310
Here we just show max win and as many of the game features as we can...
Multipliers: Here we describe the Oxygen Bubbles, and Multiplier Strike...
The first time a symbol explodes on a symbol position, an empty Oxygen Bubble is created. Every time a symbol explodes on a position with an Oxygen Bubble, the multiplier value is doubled for this position beginning at x2.
The Multiplier Strike feature will place clusters of Oxygen Bubbles with multipliers on the game grid before the symbol drop. The Multiplier Strike feature can trigger in any symbol drop or bonus drop.
Clam: Here we describe the Clam symbol and its three features, Pearl, Squid and Starfish...
The Clam symbol is also a Wild. If it is part of a winning combination it will trigger one of three features: The Starfish feature, the Squid feature, or the Pearl feature.
The Pearl feature selects one payout symbol from the game grid. Every symbol of this type, and feature symbols, become sticky. A redrop cycle is started that continues as long as more Wilds or more payout symbol of the selected type lands. At the end, a win evaluation is executed.
The Squid starts a cyclic behaviour where it generates a Wild symbol on its current position, then moves to a new position.
The Starfish starts a cycle where it rotates, stops, then removes payout symbols along its current direction. At the last position, the Starfish will increase the multiplier value. This cycle is repeated until the Starfish turns into a Wild.
More features. Here we describe Wilds: Regular Wild, Exploding Wild and Blaster Wild, and the big symbols...
The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
The Exploding Wild symbol is a special Wild symbol that can be activated to trigger an explosion.
The Blaster Wild symbol is a special Wild symbol that can be activated to trigger a blast.
Symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may appear in any symbol drop. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols.
Bonus: Here we describe the Bonus Game...
3 Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus game with 10 bonus drops.
The Bonus game has an Oxygen Meter that fills up for each winning combination. When full, the meter is emptied and will trigger and upgrade a cluster of multipliers on the game grid.
Super Bonus: Here we describe the Super Bonus Game...
3 Bonus symbols where one of the Bonus symbols is a Super Bonus symbol trigger the Super Bonus game.
The Super Bonus game has a Super Oxygen Meter that fills up for each winning combination. When full, the meter is emptied and will trigger and upgrade a large cluster of multipliers on the game grid.