Key features
Name in English Wild Toro 3
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines The number of paylines varies depending on the number of active rows (178-421).
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Wild Toro 3 is a 5 reel, 4-7 row slot. Central game features include the Toro and Matadors walking Wild symbols, Toritos sticky Wild symbols, and the Golden Rose bonus game.
Wins begin with the leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. An active payline is defined as the longest winning symbol combination.
The Golden Rose bonus game is triggered by a Golden Rose symbol and Toro landing on the reels at the same time.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
There are 7 types of paying symbols. From highest value to lowest: red rose, orange, cactus, grapes, gold coin, silver coin, copper coin.
The bonus game with bonus drops is triggered by a Golden Rose symbol and Toro landing on the reels at the same time. After all wins and all other features have resolved, Toro moves to the Golden Rose symbol, initiating the bonus game.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. Additionally, Toro, Matadors, and Toritos substitute for any paying symbol during win evaluations.
Toro is a walking Wild symbol that only appears on reel 5. Toro moves leftward until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step.
3 types of Toritos can land on reels 2, 3, or 4. Each Torito that lands expands the height of the reels by 1, up to a maximum of 7 rows.
3 types of Matadors can land on reels 2, 3, or 4. All Matadors are walking Wilds who move leftward until they spin out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step.

Game rules
Wild Toro 3 is a 5 reel, 4-7 row slot.
All spins in normal mode start with 5 reels displaying 4 symbols per reel.
Wins begin with the leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. An active payline is defined as the longest winning symbol combination.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode.
In normal mode, the game has 5 reels that can expand to a maximum of 7 rows each.
Wins begin with the leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. An active payline is defined as the longest winning symbol combination.
Wild symbols substitute for any symbol except Toro, Toritos, Matadors, and the Golden Rose.
A payline of only Wild symbols pays as the highest value symbol.
In bonus mode, symbols drop on to a 5 column by 7 row grid. A 2x2 Toro is always present during the bonus. Only Golden Rose symbols, Regular Matadors, and Toritos can drop in bonus mode. Empty spaces are marked by small dud symbols.
Toro is a walking Wild symbol that may only appear on reel 5. Toro moves leftward until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step.
In normal mode, Toro lands with a x1 multiplier that increases by 1 with every step.
Only one Toro will be in view at a time.
There are 3 different Torito symbols that may appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Each one that lands expands the height of the reels by 1, up to a maximum of 7 rows.
The number of connecting paylines increases as the number of rows increases.
4 rows: 178 connecting paylines.
5 rows: 259 connecting paylines.
6 rows: 340 connecting paylines.
7 rows: 421 connecting paylines.
Each Torito lands as a sticky Wild and awards one respin. If several Toritos appear simultaneously, only one respin is awarded. No respins are awarded by Toritos if a walking Wild is present.
Several Toritos can be in view at the same time, but only one will land per reel.
The Blue Torito lands on reel 2.
The Green Torito lands on reel 3.
The Red Torito lands on reel 4.
The 3 Toritos have different features in normal mode when present together with Toro.
The Blue Torito scatters Wild symbols on the reels each spin he is present together with Toro.
The Green Torito doubles the Toro multiplier each spin he is present together with Toro.
The Red Torito adds Toro's multiplier to himself each spin he is present together with Toro.
There are 3 different Matador symbols that may appear on reels 2, 3, and 4.
All Matadors are walking Wilds who move leftward until they spin out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step.
Landing Toro when one or more Matadors are in view, or landing one or more Matadors when Toro is in view, triggers the Toro Goes Loco feature.
During the Toro Goes Loco feature, Toro will charge any Matadors in view. Toro moves vertically and then horizontally to knock all Matadors off the reels, leaving Wild symbols behind him. Toro continues to attack until all Matadors are defeated.
Toro starts by charging Matadors on the same reel. He then charges to the right if any Matadors are in view to the right. Finally, Toro charges any Matadors in view to the left.
The 3 kinds of Matadors react differently during the Toro Goes Loco feature, just before Toro charges.
The Regular Matador (blue) stays in place until he is knocked off the reels.
The Coward Matador (green) flees away from Toro before he charges, moving to the leftmost reel if positioned to the left of or on the same reel as Toro, or to the rightmost reel otherwise.
The Brave Matador (red) drops a muleta below himself before Toro charges. The muleta expands to cover all symbols below the Brave Matador with a tall multiplier Wild symbol.
In normal mode, only one Golden Rose symbol will be in view at a time. The Golden Rose symbol substitutes for the highest paying symbol (Red Rose) when evaluating wins.
If Toro and the Golden Rose are both in view in normal mode, Toro moves to the Golden Rose after all wins and other features have concluded, triggering the Golden Rose Bonus game.
The Golden Rose Bonus is a 5 column by 7 row special game mode where only Golden Roses, Toritos, and Regular Matadors drop in, and a 2x2 Toro is always present.
At the start of the Golden Rose Bonus, Toro has 3 lives. One life is consumed for every drop, and drops continue as long as Toro has lives remaining.
Landing at least one Matador in a drop replenishes Toro's lives to 3.
In bonus mode, Golden Roses land with a displayed value.
The 3 Toritos have different features in bonus mode.
After a drop, a landed Blue Torito scatters additional Golden Roses on empty grid positions, and/or increases the values of a number of existing Golden Roses. After this, the Blue Torito leaves the grid.
After that, a landed Green Torito doubles the values of a number of existing Golden Roses. After this, the Green Torito leaves the grid.
After that, a landed Red Torito will be replaced by a Golden Rose with the accumulated value of all already existing Golden Roses.
Lastly, Toro will charge and knock out any Matadors in view, using the same Matador prioritization rules as in normal mode.
Any Golden Roses in Toro's path will be collected by Toro, adding their displayed value to the win counter displayed on Toro.
Each Matador knocked out by Toro will add one token to a meter. 3 collected tokens double a global multiplier starting at x1. After doubling the multiplier, the meter is reset.
Once all Matadors are knocked out, the value displayed on Toro's win counter will be multiplied by the global multiplier before being added to the total win counter. This resets Toro's win counter.
The Golden Rose Bonus game ends once Toro is out of lives, at which point the game returns to normal mode.
The Golden Rose Bonus game can be triggered several times in a game round. Each Golden Rose Bonus game after the first one starts with the global multiplier that the previous one ended with.
The game has 2 volatility settings, the day variant (Normal Volatility) and the night variant (High Volatility).
The RTP of the game is the same for both volatility settings.
The volatility setting can be changed by toggling the in-game switch prior to starting a new game round.
The volatility setting can not be changed during an ongoing game round.
The Midnight Bullfight feature can be triggered on any initial spin in normal mode in the night variant.
The Midnight Bullfight feature is played with only regular paying symbols and Wild symbols on the reels.
Toro, Matadors, Toritos, and the Golden Rose cannot land during Midnight Bullfight.
During Midnight Bullfight, muletas may expand to fully cover up to 5 reels.
Muletas are tall multiplier Wild symbols.
The bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the game round.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) is __RTP__
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-03-27

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes.
(NIGHT) MIDNIGHT BULLFIGHT: 
Guaranteed Midnight Bullfight trigger. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
(DAY) SUPER BONUS: 
Guaranteed Golden Rose Bonus trigger on the initial spin. Bonus starts with an active multiplier. Cost is __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:
Guaranteed Golden Rose Bonus trigger on the initial spin. Cost is __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
TORO GOES LOCO:
Guaranteed Toro Goes Loco trigger on the initial spin. Cost is __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MEGA HUNT: 
More than 6 times the chance to trigger the Golden Rose Bonus game. Cost is __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:
More than 3 times the chance to trigger the Golden Rose Bonus game. Cost is __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are __RTP__.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, the maximum X-iter cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
All game rules apply in X-iter mode.
Last updated 2026-03-27