Key features
Name in English Bushido Gold
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 4,096 ways to win expanding up to 16,777,216 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Bushido Gold is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns may expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows.
4,096 ways to win expanding up to 16,777,216 ways to win
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Ninja Drops Bonus game. The player is awarded 6 Ninja Drops for 3 Bonus symbols and +2 Ninja Drops for each additional Bonus symbol that lands.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol. At the end of the round, all Wild symbols will explode, removing any payout symbols and activating any feature symbols that can be activated in a 3 x 3 area around the Wild. After the explosion, a new row of symbols will be added to the next redrop, up to a maximum of 8 rows.
The Ninja symbol is a blocker symbol that can be activated to trigger the Ninja feature.	There can never be more than one Ninja symbol on the game grid at the same time. The Ninja symbol is activated when it is affected by the slice feature, by a shooting Cannon, or by an exploding Wild. The Ninja feature is triggered by the activated Ninja symbol after any pending symbol refill and before the win evaluation. The Ninja feature releases throwing stars from the Ninja symbol that will hit between 2 to 10 symbols on the game grid. If a payout symbol is hit, it will be converted into a Wild. If a Cannon symbol is hit, it will be activated. A throwing star can not land on a Wild, on an already activated feature symbol, or a feature symbol that can not be activated.
The Cannon symbol is a blocker symbol until it is activated. The Cannon is activated when affected by the slice feature, by another Cannon, by an exploding Wild, or by a throwing star from the Ninja feature. When activated, after any pending symbol refill and before the win evaluation, the Cannon shoots a pillar of Wilds upwards, expanding the grid by one row if the number of rows is lower than 8, and then converts into a Wild. The Cannon feature is always triggered before win evaluation.
The golden Cannon is an improved Cannon that has all the features of a regular Cannon, but the golden Cannon will always shoot the highest possible pillar of Wilds after activation that will maximise the game grid to 8 rows.
The big Cannon is a 2x2 sized version of the regular Cannon or the golden Cannon that has all the features of a 1x1 sized Cannon, The big Cannon shoots a 2 symbol wide pillar of Wilds.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Ninja Drops Bonus game. The player is awarded 6 Ninja Drops for 3 Bonus symbols and +2 Ninja Drops for each additional Bonus symbol that lands.

Game rules

X-iter rules
The Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. At the end of the round, all Wild symbols will explode, removing or activating symbols.
The Ninja symbol is a blocker that can be activated to release throwing stars. Throwing stars will hit 2 to 10 symbols on the game grid. Hit symbols will be activated or turned into Wilds.
Two identical symbols at the first and last column on the same row will trigger the Slice feature that will cut symbols in two halves or activate them.
The Cannon symbol is a blocker until activated. When activated, the Cannon will shoot a pillar of Wild symbols upwards. Then it converts into a Wild.
The golden Cannon always shoot the highest possible pillar of Wilds and maximises the game grid to 8 rows.
The big Cannon is a 2x2 size Cannon. The big Cannon shoots a 2 symbol wide pillar of Wilds.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Ninja Drops Bonus game. The player is awarded 6 Ninja Drops for 3 Bonus symbols and +2 Ninja Drops for each additional Bonus symbol.
In the Bonus game the Safety level advances one row for every new Ninja Drop initiated that results in a win. Every new Ninja Drop starts at the current active Safety level.
The Ninja symbol always appear on the game grid in every Ninja Drop.