Key features
Name in English Langley Street 23
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 35 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 5 rows

Game description
Welcome to Langley Street. A quiet little neighborhood. Houses, people, pets, everything looks ordinary. Your first stop is Langley Street 23. Home to Marvin. 
Marvin believes someone, or something, is watching him. On Langley Street, that’s not the strangest thing to believe.

Langley Street 23 is a 5 row by 5 column slot.
Langley Street 23 has 5 columns and 5 rows with 35 paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more bonus symbols in normal mode trigger the bonus game with bonus spins. There are two bonus modes that a player can trigger, sticky wilds or sticky mystery bonus.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
Collecting VHS tapes unlocks new features. There are a total of 4 features that can be unlocked.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.
The multiplier adder increases or adds a multiplier value to symbols on the game grid.
The wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol.
The mystery symbols reveal the same payout or wild symbols.
The expanding wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel on landing and has two multiplier values. When all reels have landed, one of the two multiplier values is chosen and applied to the wild.
The cloning wild symbol, when unlocked, creates a wild symbol in its position and in the adjacent position to the left.

Game rules

X-iter rules
Collecting VHS tapes unlocks new features. There are a total of 4 features than can be unlocked.
The multiplier adder increases or adds a multiplier value to mystery or wild symbols in the bonus game.
The mystery symbols reveal the same payout or wild symbols. Each spin, after it is unlocked, there is a chance that payout symbols become mystery symbols.
The expanding wild symbol, when unlocked, expands to cover the entire reel and has two multiplier values. A fight starts where one of the two multiplier values is chosen and applied.
The cloning wild symbol, when unlocked, creates a wild symbol in its position and in the adjacent position to the left.
The surveillance TV, when unlocked, can trigger the mystery, cloning wild, expanding wild or bonus trigger re-spin.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.
Before the bonus spins begin, either sticky mystery or sticky wild bonus mode is awarded.
All feature symbols are unlocked in the bonus game.
In the sticky mystery bonus mode, all mystery symbols are persistent during bonus spins. The mystery symbol reveals a symbol each spin.
In the sticky wild bonus mode, all wild and expanding wild symbols are persistent during bonus spins.
The wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol at their current respective payout level.