Key features
Name in English Pirots 5
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines The number of possible paylines vary based on the position of the birds.
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns.
Rows 6 rows.

Game description
The first challenge on the path to “The Lost City of Gold” takes the birds to the entrance of a temple where a whispering voice echoed “Beware the threshold you cross—for in the shadows linger the curse of Captain Blackfeather and mummified foes”. Unfazed, the birds enter to find an ancient Egyptian cave stacked with traps that shoot arrows, release boulders, rearrange and break the very ground they stand on. 

Pirots 5 Cursed Temple is a 6 row by 6 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 8 columns. Central game features are: The four birds that move around the grid collecting gems and feature symbols, the symbol collection meter that counts the number of symbols collected and adds a pending feature symbol release when the meter is full, and the bonus game with bonus drops.
With Captain Blackfeather’s curse broken and the traitor doomed to dwell within the Temple for eternity, a new path opened before them, the second trial: “The Sea Under the Mountain.” Through their binoculars, the birds caught sight of their old pirate ship loaded with treasure, ensnared in the grip of a Kraken, the mightiest of sea monsters. To claim it, they must dare the depths, battle the beast, and take what is theirs.

Pirots 5 The Kraken is a 6 row by 6 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 8 columns. Central game features are: The four birds that move around the grid collecting gems and feature symbols, the symbol collection meter that counts the number of symbols collected and adds a pending feature symbol release when the meter is full, and the bonus game with bonus drops.
Right in the thick of battle, Skipper managed to smash face-first into a cannon flying in mid air, blowing a massive hole in the mountain. Sunlight streamed in, hitting the Kraken, who promptly went “f*** this” (in perfect krakarian) and dove back into the depths.The opening created a rushing current that carried the now freed ship further into the mountain. As the ship suddenly came to a stop, the birds had arrived at the shores of the city of gold. They rushed to get inside, unaware that they entered the domain of the Mastermind of the 7 Seas, who, with his two loyal lackeys, was more than ready to pluck some feathers.

Pirots 5 City of Gold is a 6 row by 6 column slot that can expand up to 8 rows by 8 columns. Central game features are: The four birds that move around the grid collecting gems and feature symbols, the symbol collection meter that counts the number of symbols collected and adds a pending feature symbol release when the meter is full, and the bonus game with bonus drops.
At last, the adventure had come to an end. The birds gathered with familiar faces from across the Pirots world at the amusement park, ready to take off for a well-deserved lunch break. But Skipper, now firmly established as the most foolish bird alive, managed to switch the ship’s destination from “Lunch” to “Gamble”. The rocket thrusters hurled them skyward and a wildly chaotic ride followed. As the birds exerted their revenge on Skipper, they managed to fight their way out of the somewhat robust ship. Scattered and dusted after crashing into the soil beneath, the birds opened their eyes to a sobering sight as they gazed upon the “Boss Castle”, legendary to any Pirot worth his feathers. The birds now had their target acquired, now it was just the matter of getting in..

Pirots 5 Boss Castle is a 3 reel slot with a bonus game. Central game features are: Bandit, Alien Invasion, Yeti, Fire Minions, Charlie, Cursed Treasure, Golden Compass Cannon, The Kraken, Golden Book and Mastermind.
Wins are generated by the four birds collecting horizontally or vertically adjacent gems, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP for all wins is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Wins require that 3 token symbols of any kind connect horizontally on the payline of the first 3 reels counting from the leftmost column. No gaps between reels or symbols are allowed.
3 bonus symbols collected by the birds during a game round trigger the bonus drops bonus game. The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection meter, the collection of additional bonus symbols and the payout level of the gems are all persistent during the bonus game. Bonus symbols collected during bonus mode award additional bonus drops.
At least 3 or more bonus symbols on the payline trigger the bonus game, with the respective features carried over into the bonus game. A maximum number of 5 bonus symbols can be carried over to the bonus game. There are 10 different features that can be carried over to the bonus game, depending on which bonus symbols you collect: Bandit, Alien Invasion, Yeti, Fire Minions, Charlie, Cursed Treasure, Golden Compass Cannon, The Kraken, Golden Book and Mastermind. The bonus game ends when no hearts remain in the heart counter or when the maximum win has been reached.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
There are four types of gems, one for each bird. The birds can only collect the gems that have the same color as the bird. The gems can be upgraded to higher payout levels.
The bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if the birds collect three bonus symbols during a game round. If one or more feature symbol releases are pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be released as a part of the first bonus drop.
The super bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if one of the three collected bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol.
The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective payout level.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of gems next to the bird into the same color as the bird that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert a random number of gems into feature symbols.
A collected super transform symbol transforms 2 or 3 clusters of gems next to the bird into the same color as the bird that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert a random number of gems into feature symbols.
The upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of all gems of the same color as the bird that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the gems can increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The upgrade all symbol upgrades all 4 different colored gems at the same time. The payout level of the gems can increase 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
A coin symbol collected by a bird pays its value times the current active bet level.
3 token symbols on the payline is a win. Payouts are given for 3 identical token symbols or 3 of any token symbols on the payline.
3 or more bonus symbols on the payline triggers the bonus mode.

Game rules
Pirots 5 is a 6 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns.
The Boss Castle in Pirots 5 is a 3 reel, 1 row slot with 1 payline.
All drops in normal mode start with gems on payout level 1 and with a grid size of 6 rows by 6 columns.
All spins in normal mode start with 3 spinning and 2 locked reels.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Wins require that 3 token symbols of any kind connect horizontally on the payline of the first 3 reels counting from the leftmost column. No gaps between reels or symbols are allowed.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Pirots 5 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with bonus drops.
The Boss Castle in Pirots 5 is played in two modes; normal mode and a bonus mode with bonus drops.
Pirots 5 has four collecting bird symbols that can move around the game grid. Each bird is paired with a gem of the same color as the bird.
The birds can collect gems of the same color as the bird and all feature symbols.
The birds collect symbols by moving to horizontally or vertically adjacent collectable symbols.
Paying symbols consist of gems, coins and wild symbols.
Wins are generated by a bird moving and collecting paying symbols.
Gems can be individually upgraded to higher payout levels, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The birds continue to collect until they cannot collect any more symbols. A bird can move multiple times before a symbol refill occurs. Collected symbols and activated feature symbols are removed from the game grid. Thereafter, all remaining symbols and birds move vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in from above to fill the empty spaces. The feature continues as long as at least one bird can move.
There are a total of 9 collectable tokens in Pirots 5, with 3 in each world: Cursed Temple, The Kraken, and City of Gold.
Successfully collecting all 9 tokens across all 3 games permanently unlocks the Boss Castle game.
Tokens can drop in during any spin. In each world, all 3 tokens have the same Hit Frequency. The Hit Frequency differs between worlds. If all 3 tokens have been collected in a specific world, no more tokens can be collected in that world. A collected token pays out the same amount as a 5x coin.
The collection of tokens is global and persistent; your progress is saved across all bet levels, between game rounds and game modes.
There are no collectable tokens in the Cursed Temple coin game.
There are no collectable tokens in The Kraken coin game.
There are no collectable tokens in the City of Gold coin game.
Token symbols can only appear on the first 3 reels. Connecting 3 token symbols awards a token payout according to the paytable. After payout the game round ends.
x2 Multipliers can appear on any token symbol during a spin. If the spin results in a win, the win amount will be multiplied by all multipliers present on the winning token symbols.
Several multipliers can be multiplied before win evaluation (x2,x2,x2 generates an x8 multiplier).
Landing 2 or 3 bonus symbols in any of the first 3 reels awards a respin. Reel 4 is unlocked and all reels without a bonus symbol on the payline will respin.
Landing 1 bonus symbol during a respin awards an additional respin. Reel 5 is unlocked and all reels without a bonus symbol on the payline will respin. A maximum of 2 respins can be awarded.
When all 5 reels are unlocked no respins can be awarded.
3 or more bonus symbols on the payline triggers the bonus mode.
The features represented by the bonus symbols on the payline when triggering the bonus will be carried over into the bonus mode. No new features can be added during the bonus mode.
Reel 4 and 5 has a random chance to be unlocked at the beginning of any spin in normal mode.
Above the game grid there is a symbol collection meter. The meter keeps track of the collected symbols. Only gems and wild symbols collected by any of the four birds count. The symbol collection meter continues to count collected symbols until the birds can't collect more symbols.
Captain Blackfeather doesn't contribute to the collection meter.
The Kraken doesn't contribute to the collection meter.
Golden birds do not contribute to progress meter during the golden book feature.
The Diver and Airstrike features doesn't contribute to the collection meter.
When the symbol collection meter is full, one pending feature symbol release is added.
Up to three feature symbol releases can be kept pending. All pending feature symbol releases are awarded simultaneously.
Catacomb corners are located in each corner of the initial 6x6 game grid. Each catacomb corner is assigned a random bird's color at the start of the round and randomized at the start of every bonus drop in the bonus game.
If a bird collects a symbol on top of a catacomb corner of the same color as the bird, the corner is activated and the bird enters the catacombs. If Captain Blackfeather takes over a bird with a highlighted gem on top of the corresponding catacomb corner, Captain Blackfeather enters the catacombs.
Captains quarters are located in each corner of the initial 6x6 game grid. Each captains quarters is assigned a random bird's color at the start of the round and randomized at the start of every bonus drop in the bonus game.
Removing a coffin with a golden compass cannon constitutes winning a fight in the captains quarters.
If a bird collects a symbol on top of a captains quarters of the same color as the bird, the corner is activated and the bird enters the captains quarters.
Treasure chambers are located in each corner of the initial 6x6 game grid. Each treasure chamber is assigned a random bird's color at the start of the round and randomized at the start of every bonus drop in the bonus game.
If a bird collects a symbol on top of a treasure chamber of the same color as the bird, the corner is activated and the bird enters the treasure chamber. If a bird with a highlighted gem on top of a treasure chamber is turned into a golden bird the golden bird will enter the treasure chamber.
The catacombs contain 4 1x1 sized coffins and gems or feature symbols in all other positions.
A hidden position exists horizontally or vertically adjacent to all coffins. When a bird collects on the hidden position a fight with a mummy is triggered. If the bird wins, a feature symbol is left in the mummy position. If the bird loses the fight, it is removed, the bird is then returned to its corner position on the game grid and the game round continues. If Captain Blackfeather enters the catacombs or takes over a bird in the catacombs, he is guaranteed to win every subsequent fight.
A bird is not guaranteed to collect the symbols in the catacombs. One potential fight can occur in each quadrant of the game grid.
The Captains quarters contain 4 1x1 sized coffins and gems or feature symbols in all other positions.
A hidden position exists horizontally or vertically adjacent to all coffins. When a bird collects on the hidden position a fight with a land crab is triggered. If the bird wins, a feature symbol is left in the land crabs position. If the bird loses the fight, it is removed, the bird is then returned to its corner position on the game grid and the game round continues. If the golden compass cannon is fired at a coffin during the captains quarters feature, the coffin will be removed.
A bird is not guaranteed to collect the symbols in the captains quarters. One potential fight can occur in each quadrant of the game grid.
The treasure chamber contain 4 1x1 sized coffins and gems or feature symbols in all other positions.
A hidden position exists horizontally or vertically adjacent to all coffins. When a bird collects on the hidden position a fight with a shaman is triggered. If the bird wins, a feature symbol is left in the shaman's position. If the bird loses the fight, it is removed, the bird is then returned to its corner position on the game grid and the game round continues. If a golden bird enters the treasure chamber or the golden book turns the bird into a golden bird in the treasure chamber, the golden bird is guaranteed to win every subsequent fight.
A bird is not guaranteed to collect the symbols in the treasure chamber. One potential fight can occur in each quadrant of the game grid.
Winning all 4 fights adds a coin to all previous coffin positions for the bird to collect. The bird is then returned to its corner position on the game grid and the game round continues.
A feature symbol release is awarded when the birds can't collect any more symbols.
A feature symbol release converts a number of random gems into random feature symbols.
There are 10 different types of feature symbols in Pirots 5; Captain Blackfeather, bonus, super bonus, wild, coins, upgrade, upgrade all, tokens, transform, and super transform.
There are 10 different types of feature symbols in Pirots 5; golden compass cannon, bonus, super bonus, wild, coins, upgrade, upgrade all, tokens, transform, and super transform.
There are 10 different types of feature symbols in Pirots 5; golden book, bonus, super bonus, wild, coins, upgrade, upgrade all, tokens, transform and super transform.
There are 10 different types of bonus symbols in Pirots 5; bandit bonus, alien invasion bonus, yeti bonus, fire minion bonus, charlie bonus, cursed treasure bonus, golden compass cannon bonus, kraken bonus, golden book bonus and mastermind bonus.
A collected upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of gems of the same color as the bird that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the gems increases by 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7. If the maximum level has been reached, the bird can choose to level up another birds gems.
A collected upgrade all symbol upgrades all four gems simultaneously. The payout level of the gems increases 1, 2 or 3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
Captain Blackfeather can land in any drop, and the Blackfeather feature triggers if a bird ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to Captain Blackfeather. Blackfeather gems have a maximum level of 7 and pays out according to the paytable.
Captain Blackfeather is persistent between bonus drops in the bonus and super bonus game. Captain Blackfeather will move to a new random position at the start of each bonus drop until the Blackfeather feature is triggered or when there are no more bonus drops.
Captain Blackfeather turns the triggering bird into a ghost, takes over its bird win counter and takes over its corresponding gems and currently collectable feature symbols in view. Gems that have been taken over by Captain Blackfeather turns into Blackfeather gems. Captain Blackfeather cannot take over a bird on a wild symbol, on a portal or in a tunnel. Captain Blackfeather also has a random chance to take over additional birds in view. Blackfeather gems will adopt the highest payout level of the taken over birds gems.
Captain Blackfeather collects all Blackfeather gems and highlighted collectable feature symbols currently on the game grid and is then removed.
The golden compass cannon can land in any drop and can shoot in 8 directions. The golden compass cannon selects a new random shooting direction during recoil.
The golden compass cannon replaces all gems in its shooting direction with feature symbols and removes walls in its path. When shot diagonally it removes up to 3 walls but only replaces the symbol position in its path with a feature symbol. Birds and already existing feature symbols in the shooting direction are unaffected, except coins which will be upgraded to a higher value.
When fired, the golden compass cannon will recoil in the opposite direction and select a new random shooting direction. The recoil will stop at either birds, walls, feature symbols, highlighted symbols or at the edge of the game grid. If the golden compass cannon cannot recoil in its current shooting direction it will continue to shoot in new directions until it can recoil.
The golden book can land in any drop. The golden book feature triggers if a bird collects the golden book. The bird that collects the golden book is turned into a golden bird and its corresponding gems are turned into golden gems. The golden book can turn 1-3 additional birds and corresponding gems in view into gold.
All floor tiles on positions with golden gems and golden birds are turned into golden floor tiles, allowing golden birds to cross already collected positions. If two or more golden birds are horizontally or vertically connected by golden gems or golden floor tiles, the golden birds will collect the same golden gems one time each except the ending position of the previous golden bird to collect. Golden birds will duplicate the value of other golden birds that have already collected. Golden birds may walk on other golden birds to reach golden gems.
A transform or super transform symbol collected by a golden bird cannot transform already collected golden symbols.
A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of gems next to the bird or its currently highlighted symbols into the same color as the bird that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert a random number of gems into feature symbols.
A collected super transform symbol transforms 2 or 3 clusters of gems next to the bird into the same color as the bird that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert a random number of gems into feature symbols.
The arrow shooter feature is activated when a bird collects a symbol or walks on top of an arrow shooter trap.
Arrow shooters appear on the outer rim of the game grid and are kept pending. The arrow shooters fire their arrows when the birds are unable to collect more symbols.
If an arrow from an arrow shooter hits a bird, its corresponding gems are turned into gems of a random bird in view and the bird is removed from the game grid. If all 4 birds are hit by an arrow from an arrow shooter a random number of existing gems in view of the last surviving bird are turned into coins. Removed birds can return to the game grid on the next symbol refill.
The harpoon shooter feature is activated when a bird collects a symbol or walks on top of a harpoon shooter trap.
Harpoon shooters appear on the outer rim of the game grid and are kept pending. The harpoon shooters fire their harpoons when the birds are unable to collect more symbols.
If a harpoon from a harpoon shooter hits a bird, its corresponding gems are turned into gems of a random bird in view and the bird is removed from the game grid. If all 4 birds are hit by a harpoon from a harpoon shooter a random number of existing gems in view of the last surviving bird are turned into coins. Removed birds can return to the game grid on the next symbol refill.
The fireball shooter feature is activated when a bird collects a symbol or walks on top of a fireball shooter trap.
Fireball shooters appear on the outer rim of the game grid and are kept pending. The fireball shooters fire their fireballs when the birds are unable to collect more symbols.
If a fireball from a fireball shooter hits a bird, its corresponding gems are turned into gems of a random bird in view and the bird is removed from the game grid. If all 4 birds are hit by a fireball from a fireball shooter a random number of existing gems in view of the last surviving bird are turned into coins. Removed birds can return to the game grid on the next symbol refill.
A boulder feature is activated when a bird collects a symbol or walks on top of a boulder trap. The boulder trap is activated when all currently collectable symbols have been collected prior to the next symbol refill. Boulders exists in sizes 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4.
A boulder rolls horizontally or vertically across the game grid, crushing all gems, walls and birds in its path. Pending arrow shooters and feature symbols are not affected. Removed birds can return to the game grid on the next symbol refill.
An anchor feature is activated when a bird collects a symbol or walks on top of an anchor trap. The anchor trap is activated when all currently collectable symbols have been collected prior to the next symbol refill. Anchors exists in sizes 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4.
An anchor enters horizontally or vertically across the game grid, crushing all gems, walls and birds in its path. Pending harpoon shooters and feature symbols are not affected. Removed birds can return to the game grid on the next symbol refill.
A golden bell feature is activated when a bird collects a symbol or walks on top of a golden bell trap. The golden bell trap is activated when all currently collectable symbols have been collected prior to the next symbol refill. Golden bells exists in sizes 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4.
A golden bell enters horizontally or vertically across the game grid, crushing all gems, walls and birds in its path. Pending fireball shooters and feature symbols are not affected. Removed birds can return to the game grid on the next symbol refill.
Golden birds cannot be destroyed by the golden bell during the secret door feature.
The secret door feature is activated when a bird collects a symbol or walks on top of a secret door trap. The secret door trap is activated when all currently collectable symbols have been collected prior to the next symbol refill.
The secret door splits the initial 6x6 game grid into 4 squares and rotates them 180 degrees moving gems, birds, traps and feature symbols into new positions. The rotation replaces all floor tiles with cross-over floor tiles allowing the birds to cross already collected positions one time each to reach additional symbols. The entry to the catacomb is disabled during the secret door feature.
The secret door splits the initial 6x6 game grid into 4 squares and rotates them 180 degrees moving gems, birds, traps and feature symbols into new positions. The rotation replaces all floor tiles with cross-over floor tiles allowing the birds to cross already collected positions one time each to reach additional symbols. The entry to the captains quarters is disabled during the secret door feature.
The secret door splits the initial 6x6 game grid into 4 squares and rotates them 180 degrees moving gems, birds, traps and feature symbols into new positions. The rotation replaces all floor tiles with cross-over floor tiles allowing the birds to cross already collected positions one time each to reach additional symbols. The entry to the treasure chamber is disabled during the secret door feature.
If the birds are unable to clear the game grid of all gems and feature symbols, the initial 6x6 game grid rotates back, removing all cross-over tiles and the game round continues.
The Cursed Temple coin game is triggered when the birds have collected all the collectable symbols on the game grid during the secret door feature. The Cursed Temple coin game is activated immediately, and any potentially already activated features are kept pending.
At the start of the Cursed Temple coin game portals may appear in the outer frame of the game grid. Portals in the main game and bonus games are not carried over into the Cursed Temple coin game.
If the birds collect all collectable symbols on the game grid without the secret door feature the Cursed Temple coin game is not triggered.
The Cursed Temple coin game is played on an 8x8 game grid with a 2x2 sized cursed treasure in the center. The game starts with a bird in each corner, initial coins and a rotation trap on the game grid. 3 drops are awarded, landing one or more symbols or birds resets the drop counter to 3.
If a bird ends up vertically or horizontally adjacent to the cursed treasure without any more symbols to collect, the cursed treasure feature is triggered. The bird is removed, adding its bird win counter to the total win counter and a random number of coins are dropped onto the game grid, coins can; 
 - drop on empty positions
 - drop on already existing coins, increasing their value
 - drop on birds, multiplying the current bird win counter by 2.
The birds can begin to collect coins instantly if a coin ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to a bird. All bird win counters are added to the total win counter prior to the next drop. The Cursed Temple coin game ends when there are no more drops.
Captain Blackfeather can appear in any drop during the Cursed Temple coin game upgrading the cursed treasure. The upgraded cursed treasure has a random chance to award one extra cursed treasure coin rain at the start of each remaining drop of the Cursed Temple coin game. If Captain Blackfeather is present when triggering the Cursed Temple coin game, the cursed treasure will be upgraded immediately.
If a bird steps on the rotation trap, the trap is kept pending until the birds are unable to collect more symbols. The rotation trap is then removed and 1 to 3 parts of the game grid rotate into new positions. The rotation trap can drop in with the next symbol refill.
When the Cursed Temple coin game ends, the birds return to the main game and new symbols drop in.
The Kraken coin game is triggered when the birds have collected all the collectable symbols on the game grid during the secret door feature. The Kraken coin game is activated immediately, and any potentially already activated features are kept pending.
At the start of the Kraken coin game portals may appear in the outer frame of the game grid. Portals in the main game and bonus games are not carried over into the Kraken coin game.
If the birds collect all collectable symbols on the game grid without the secret door feature the Kraken coin game is not triggered.
The Kraken coin game is played on an 8x8 game grid with the Kraken on top of the game grid. The game starts with a bird in each corner, a 2x2 sized music box, initial coins and a rotation trap on the game grid. 3 drops are awarded, landing one or more symbols or birds resets the drop counter to 3.
If the golden compass cannon is present when triggering the Kraken coin game, the golden compass cannon will be carried over into the Kraken coin game.
If a bird ends up vertically or horizontally adjacent to the music box, the music box activates and the Kraken feature is triggered. During the Kraken feature, the Kraken will strike a part of the music box with its tentacles a random number of times. A tentacle strike is up to 8 symbol spaces horizontally and 1 symbol space vertically (1x2 up to 1x8) and can add coins or increase the value of already existing coins. Each time the music box is struck it will move into a new random position on the game grid, the cycle repeats a random number of times until the music box is deactivated. The music box can land on birds and coins as it moves, removing them from the game grid. The golden compass cannon is unaffected by the tentacle strike.
If the golden compass cannon is shot upwards through any symbol position on the top row of the game grid in the Kraken coin game, it will hit the Kraken causing a random number of coins to drop onto the game grid, coins can; 
- drop on empty positions 
- drop on already existing coins, increasing their value 
- drop on birds, multiplying the current bird win counter by 2.
The birds can begin to collect coins instantly if a coin ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to a bird. All bird win counters are added to the total win counter prior to the next drop. The Kraken coin game ends when there are no more drops.
If a bird steps on the rotation trap, the trap is kept pending until the birds are unable to collect more symbols. The rotation trap is then removed and 1 to 3 parts of the game grid rotate into new positions. The rotation trap can drop in with the next symbol refill.
When the Kraken coin game ends, the birds return to the main game and new symbols drop in.
The City of Gold coin game is triggered when the birds have collected all the collectable symbols on the game grid during the secret door feature. The City of Gold coin game is activated immediately, and any potentially already activated features are kept pending.
At the start of the City of Gold coin game portals may appear in the outer frame of the game grid. Portals in the main game and bonus games are not carried over into the City of Gold coin game.
If golden birds are present when triggering the City of Gold coin game, the golden birds will be carried over into the City of Gold coin game.
If the birds collect all collectable symbols on the game grid without the secret door feature the City of Gold coin game is not triggered.
The City of Gold coin game is played on an 8x8 game grid. The game starts with a bird in each corner, a 2x2 sized Mastermind, initial coins and a rotation trap on the game grid. 3 drops are awarded, landing one or more symbols, birds or if the Mastermind expands resets the drop counter to 3. The Mastermind has a random chance to expand on each symbol refill up to a maximum size of 5x5.
If a bird ends up vertically or horizontally adjacent to the Mastermind, a fight with the Mastermind and 1 to 3 subsequent Diver or Airstrike features are triggered. The Diver feature, Airstrike feature or both can trigger. If the bird loses it is removed from the game grid, adding its bird win counter to the total win counter. If the Mastermind loses it is removed from the game grid and is replaced by coins in its place corresponding to the Mastermind's current size. A 2x2-sized Mastermind returns to the game grid on the next symbol refill.
If the Diver feature is triggered, a 1x1-sized Diver minion is dropped onto a random position on the game grid. The Diver minion adds coins onto the game grid, from its position on the game grid. The Diver minion can add coins on empty positions or on already existing coins, increasing their value. The Diver minion can add coins in the following shapes;
- an x-shape originating from its position
- a vertical line originating from its position
- a horizontal line originating from its position.
If an Airstrike feature is triggered, a random number of 1x1-sized Airstrike minions are dropped onto random positions on the game grid. The Airstrike minion can; 
 - drop and create coins on empty positions
 - drop on already existing coins, increasing their value
 - drop on birds, multiplying the current bird win counter by 2.
If the golden book feature is triggered during the City of Gold coin game, golden birds are kept persistent throughout the City of Gold coin game. Golden birds keep their bird win counter between drops. The bird win counter of golden birds are added to the total win counter at the end of the City of Gold coin game or if a golden bird loses a fight against the Mastermind.
The birds can begin to collect coins instantly if a coin ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to a bird. All bird win counters are added to the total win counter prior to the next drop. The City of Gold coin game ends when there are no more drops.
If a bird steps on the rotation trap symbol, 0 to 4 parts of the game grid rotates into new positions. If no rotation is possible the tiles will not rotate into new positions and the feature will be discarded. The rotation trap can drop in with the next symbol refill.
When the City of Gold coin game ends, the birds return to the main game and new symbols drop in.
If both the secret door and boulder traps are activated, the secret door executes first.
If both the secret door and anchor traps are activated, the secret door executes first.
If both the secret door and golden bell traps are activated, the secret door executes first.
Charlie's extra chance feature can be randomly triggered when the birds are unable to collect more symbols. It activates a random number of traps on the game grid.
The cursed treasure coin rain can be randomly triggered during any game round. A random number of coins are dropped onto the game grid, coins can; 
 - drop on gems positions
 - drop on already existing coins, increasing their value.
The Kraken can be randomly triggered during any game round, causing a tentacle strike or a coin drop awarding a random number of coins to drop onto the game grid. The tentacle strike or coin drop can; 
- Replace gems with coins
- Increase the value of already existing coins.
The Diver feature, Airstrike feature or both can trigger randomly during any game round.
The Diver minion can replace gems with coins or increase the value of already existing coins. The Diver minion can add coins in the following shapes;
- an x-shape originating from its position
- a vertical line originating from its position
- a horizontal line originating from its position.
The Airstrike minion adds a random number of coins onto the game grid, coins can; 
 - drop and create coins on gem positions
 - drop on already existing coins, increasing their value.
Portals may appear amongst the walls surrounding the initial game grid at the start of a game round or bonus drop, portals are persistent in the bonus game. A bird can teleport between portals if it has collectable symbols adjacent to two or more portals. A bird may walk on the portal to reach highlighted symbols. The walls can act as a tunnel if consecutive walls connect two portals. Each tunnel section can reveal feature symbols, which are collected as the bird passes by. There is a chance that portals can appear at the start of each bonus drop in the bonus game. There can be a maximum of 4 portals on the game grid at the same time.
The Boss Castle bonus game is played on an 8x8 game grid. The game starts with a bird in each corner, initial coins and the triggering features randomly placed on the game grid. 3 drops are awarded, landing one or more symbols or birds resets the drop counter to 3.
The 4 original birds and the bandit bird (henceforth refereed as birds) can begin to collect coins instantly if a coin ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to a bird. The Boss Castle bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The 4 original birds and the bandit bird (henceforth refereed as birds) can begin to collect coins instantly if a coin ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to a bird. The Boss Castle bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain.
The bandit bird can begin to collect coins instantly if a coin ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to the bandit bird. If the bandit bird ends up horizontally or vertically adjacent to a bird or golden bird when no collects are possible, a duel is triggered. A random multiplier is the reward and the winner of the duel will get its bird win counter multiplied by the reward. The losing bird is removed from the game grid and its bird win counter is added to the total win counter. If neither the bird or the bandit bird has a bird win counter no duel will be triggered. If a winning bird has no bird win counter, the reward will be multiplied by 0 resulting in no payout.
The bandit bird collects symbols and triggers features like the 4 original birds (red, purple, green and blue).
The Alien Invasion feature triggers when a bird or golden bird collects a symbol or coin horizontally or vertically adjacent to the Alien Invasion ship. The feature is kept pending and is activated when all currently collectable symbols have been collected. If no coins are in view when all currently collectable symbols have been collected, the Alien Invasion feature will wait until the next symbol refill to activate.
During the Alien Invasion feature the Space Bandit collect coins column by column in random order.
When collecting a bird or golden bird the collection by the Space Bandit gets interrupted and a space duel is instigated. The value of the bird is collected by the Space Bandit.
If the Space Bandit wins the space duel, the spaceship multiplier increases and the defeated bird is removed from the game grid. The Space Bandit then selects a random column and continues to collect symbols. If the bird defeats the Space Bandit, the Alien Invasion feature ends and the spaceship multiplier is applied to the accumulated value and added to the total win counter. The spaceship multiplier is persistent throughout the bonus game.
During the Alien Invasion feature, the total collected value and the multiplier achieved by the Space Bandit are accumulated and presented on the spaceship.
If the Space Bandit defeats all birds in view, the Space Bandit collects all remaining coins on the game grid and the spaceship multiplier is applied to the accumulated value and added to the total win counter.
If the Yeti is in view with a coin in the Yeti freeze zone when the Space Bandit has defeated all birds, the Space Bandit may not collect all symbols in view.
The Space Bandit activates the don't press button when collecting on top of it. If the Space Bandit collects a coin within the Yeti freeze zone, the Yeti will freeze and crash the ship. The accumulated value on the spaceship is multiplied by the spaceship multiplier and then also multiplied by the Yeti multiplier before being added to the total win counter.
The Yeti is a 2x2 sized multiplier symbol with a freeze zone of up to 12 symbol spaces surrounding it. The initial Yeti multiplier is x2.
If a bird or golden bird ends up in the freeze zone it will get frozen by the Yeti and removed. If a bird has a collected value and ends up in the freeze zone, the Yeti will multiply the collected value with the current Yeti multiplier. The bird is removed and the value of the removed bird is added to the total win counter. The Yeti multiplier doubles each time a bird has been frozen and removed by the Yeti. The removed bird can reappear in the next symbol refill.
If the Yeti is in the shooting trajectory of the golden compass cannon when it is fired, the Yeti multiplier will double. The Yeti itself is not affected by the golden compass cannon.
The Fire Minion is a 1x1 sized symbol with a burn zone of up to 8 symbol spaces surrounding it. There can be a maximum of 4 Fire Minions on the game grid.
If a bird or golden bird ends up in a horizontally, vertically or diagonally adjacent position to a Fire Minion when no collects are possible and no pending features remain, the bird gets lit on fire and starts a fire marathon. During the fire marathon the burning bird runs a random number of vertical or horizontal steps in random directions. When the fire marathon ends the bird is removed and the value of the removed bird is added to the total win counter. If a burning bird ends its fire marathon next to another bird, that bird will start a fire marathon as well.
If a bird has a bird win counter value prior to a fire marathon and ends up in the freeze zone, the Yeti will multiply the bird win counter value with the current Yeti multiplier.
Each symbol position run over during the fire marathon is marked by a mystery fire. If a symbol position is run over multiple times during the fire marathon the mystery fire increases its mystery fire level for each time it gets run over up to a maximum level of 4. When the fire marathon is done, mystery fires reveal coins with values corresponding to the level of the mystery fire.
A Fire Minion burns all currently adjacent birds and is then removed.
If a bird reaches the don't press button the Charlie feature is triggered. The feature is kept pending and is activated when all currently collectable symbols have been collected. If no birds are in view when all currently collectable symbols have been collected, the Charlie feature will wait until the next symbol refill to activate.
During the Charlie feature each bird currently in view gets lit on fire and starts a fire marathon. The birds can't press the don't press button while on fire during a fire marathon. The don't press button has a chance to drop in the next symbol refill.
Only birds and golden birds can get lit on fire by the Fire Minions and the Charlie feature.
The cursed treasure is a 2x2 symbol. If a bird or golden bird ends up in vertically or horizontally adjacent to the cursed treasure, the cursed treasure feature is triggered. The bird is removed, adding its bird win counter to the total win counter and a random number of coins are dropped onto the game grid, coins can; 
 - drop on empty positions
 - drop on already existing coins, increasing their value
 - drop on birds, multiplying the current bird win counter by 2.
The golden compass cannon is a 1x1 symbol can shoot in 8 directions.
The golden compass cannon adds coins in its shooting direction. Birds and already existing feature symbols in the shooting direction are unaffected. Coins in the shooting direction of the compass cannon will be upgraded to a higher value.
When fired, the golden compass cannon will recoil in the opposite direction and select a new random shooting direction. The recoil will stop at either birds, feature symbols, highlighted symbols or at the edge of the game grid. If the golden compass cannon cannot recoil in its current shooting direction it will continue to shoot in new directions until it can recoil.
A golden bird may only use a specific golden compass cannon one time per bonus drop.
The music box is a 2x2 sized symbol. If a bird or golden bird ends up vertically or horizontally adjacent to the music box, the music box activates and the Kraken feature is triggered. During the Kraken feature, the Kraken will strike a part of the music box with its tentacles a random number of times. A tentacle strike is up to 8 symbol spaces horizontally and 1 symbol space vertically (1x2 up to 1x8) and can add coins in empty positions or increase the value of already existing coins. Each time the music box is struck it will move into a new random position on the game grid, the cycle repeats a random number of times until the music box is deactivated. The music box can land on birds and coins as it moves removing them from the game grid.
If the golden compass cannon is shot upwards through any symbol position on the top row of the game grid and the Kraken is present, it will hit the Kraken causing a random number of coins to drop onto the game grid, coins can;
- drop on empty positions
- drop on already existing coins, increasing their value
- drop on birds, multiplying the current bird win counter by 2.
The golden book feature triggers if a bird collects the golden book. The bird that collects the golden book is turned into a golden bird and the golden book symbol is removed. The golden book can turn 1-4 additional birds in view into golden birds. The golden book has a chance to drop in the next symbol refill.
All floor tiles on positions with golden birds connected horizontally or vertically to coins are turned into golden floor tiles, allowing golden birds to cross already collected positions. If two or more golden birds are horizontally or vertically connected by coins or golden floor tiles, the golden birds will collect the same coins one time each except the ending position of the previous golden bird to collect. Golden birds can duplicate the value of other golden birds that have already collected, maximum 1 time each per collection. Golden birds may walk on other golden birds to reach coins.
Golden birds are kept persistent throughout the bonus game. Golden birds keep their bird win counter between drops. The bird win counter of golden birds are added to the total win counter at the end of the bonus game or if a golden bird loses a fight against the Mastermind.
The Mastermind is a 2x2 sized symbol, The Mastermind has a random chance to expand on each symbol refill up to a maximum size of 5x5. The drop counter resets to 3 when the Mastermind expands.
If a bird or golden bird ends up in vertically or horizontally adjacent to the Mastermind, a fight with the Mastermind and 1 to 3 subsequent Diver or Airstrike features are triggered. The Diver feature, Airstrike feature or both can trigger. If the bird loses it is removed from the game grid, adding its bird win counter to the total win counter. If the Mastermind loses it is removed from the game grid and is replaced by coins in its place corresponding to the Mastermind's current size. A 2x2-sized Mastermind has a chance to drop in the next symbol refill.
If the Diver feature is triggered, a 1x1-sized Diver minion is dropped onto a random position on the game grid. The Diver minion adds coins onto the game grid, from its position on the game grid. The Diver minion can add coins on empty positions or on already existing coins, increasing their value. The Diver minion can add coins in the following shapes;
- an x-shape originating from its position
- a vertical line originating from its position
- a horizontal line originating from its position.
If an Airstrike feature is triggered, a random number of 1x1-sized Airstrike minions are dropped onto random positions on the game grid. The Airstrike minion can; 
 - drop and create coins on empty positions
 - drop on already existing coins, increasing their value
 - drop on birds, multiplying the current bird win counter by 2.
If a bird activates both the cursed treasure and the music box from the same position, both will activate but the cursed treasure will trigger first.
If a bird activates both the Yeti feature and the music box from the same position, both will activate but the Yeti feature will trigger first.
If a burning bird ends its fire marathon vertically or horizontally adjacent to the cursed treasure, the cursed treasure activates.
If a bird ends up in a position adjacent to both the Mastermind and the cursed treasure, only the Mastermind can trigger.
If a bird activates both the cursed treasure and the Yeti feature from the same position the Yeti feature will trigger first.
If a bird ends up in a position adjacent to both the Yeti and the Mastermind, only the Yeti feature can trigger.
If a bird ends up in a position adjacent to the Yeti, Mastermind and the cursed treasure, the Mastermind will not trigger. The Yeti will trigger first followed by the cursed treasure.
If present, the Duel, the Alien Invasion, Charlie and Fire Minion features can execute when no other features remain and no collects are possible. They will attempt to execute in the following order: the Duel, the Alien Invasion, Charlie and Fire Minion.
A burning bird cannot activate the music box, the Duel, the Alien Invasion, the golden compass cannon, the golden book, don't press button or the Mastermind.
The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective payout level. A bird can't finish a symbol collect on a wild symbol. If a bird ends up on a wild it will move into an empty position.
Birds and Captain Blackfeather can only collect wild symbols one time each.
Birds can only collect wild symbols one time each.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level.
Two adjacent birds have a random chance to perform a "Switcheroo" when they can't collect more symbols. If triggered, the birds switch places horizontally or vertically.
A super "Switcheroo" also has a random chance to be triggered by two adjacent birds. If triggered, one of the birds will be moved to the edge of the game grid or to the next symbol it can collect in its trajectory. Gems that are not collectable by that bird doesn't contribute to the collection meter when removed.
The Labyrinth feature is triggered when three or more birds end up horizontally or vertically adjacent and are unable to collect more symbols. During the Cursed Temple coin game, three or more birds ending up horizontally or vertically adjacent does not trigger the Labyrinth feature.
The Labyrinth feature is triggered when three or more birds end up horizontally or vertically adjacent and are unable to collect more symbols. During the Kraken coin game, three or more birds ending up horizontally or vertically adjacent does not trigger the Labyrinth feature.
The Labyrinth feature is triggered when three or more birds end up horizontally or vertically adjacent and are unable to collect more symbols. During the City of Gold coin game, three or more birds ending up horizontally or vertically adjacent does not trigger the Labyrinth feature.
The Labyrinth feature removes all gems from a random number of rows and columns. The birds are then moved along the rows and columns until they are separated. Traps remain in their current position and new traps may appear as the gems are removed. The birds are unable to collect during the feature.
The bonus game with bonus drops is triggered if the birds collect three bonus symbols during an active game round. Five bonus drops are awarded.
A collected bonus symbol in bonus mode awards one additional bonus drop.
The regular bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and columns.
The super bonus game is triggered if one of the three bonus symbols collected is a super bonus symbol.
The super bonus game awards one cursed treasure coin rain at the start of each bonus drop.
The super bonus game awards a tentacle strike or coin drop at the start of each bonus drop.
The super bonus game awards a Diver, Airstrike or both features at the start of each bonus drop.
The progress on the symbol collection meter and the payout level of the gems are persistent during the bonus games.
If there is an arrow shooter trap or feature symbol release pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be activated as a part of the first bonus drop.
If there is a harpoon shooter trap or feature symbol release pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be activated as a part of the first bonus drop.
If there is a fireball shooter trap or feature symbol release pending when the bonus game is triggered, they will be activated as a part of the first bonus drop.
The bonus drops bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The bonus drops bonus game ends when no bonus drops remain.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Pirots 5 is __RTP__
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-04-13

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
The Hit Frequency of different tokens in X-iter differs between different X-iter modes and the base game.
Super Bonus: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Ultimate Showdown: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game with 5 bonus features at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Castle Mayhem: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game with 4 bonus features at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Cursed Temple: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Cursed Temple coin game at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The Kraken: 
Guarantees a game round with entry to the Kraken coin game at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
City of Gold:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the City of Gold coin game at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Boss Battle:
Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game with 3 bonus feature at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mega Hunt: 
One drop with more than 20 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mega Hunt: 
One drop with more than 10 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: 
One drop with more than 5 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: 
One drop with more than 4 times the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Pirots 5 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2026-04-13
Birds move and collect gems of the same color as the birds themselves, and all feature symbols.
The gems can be upgraded to higher levels, up to a maximum payout level of 7.
The upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of one of the gems 1, 2 or 3 steps.
The upgrade all symbol upgrades the payout level of all four gems simultaneously by 1, 2 or 3 steps.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win.
A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level.
The wild symbol substitutes for any gems at their current respective payout level.
Transforms a cluster of gems next to the bird into gems of the same color as the bird. It may also convert a random number of gems into feature symbols. The super transform symbol transforms 2 or 3 times.
Captain Blackfeather turns 1-4 birds into ghosts and transforms their symbols into Blackfeather gems.
The golden compass cannon replaces all gems in its shooting direction with feature symbols and recoils in the opposite direction.
The golden book turns 1-4 birds into gold and corresponding gems into golden gems.
The Labyrinth feature removes all gems from a random number of rows and columns. The birds are then moved along the rows and columns until they are separated.
A bird that collects a symbol on top of a catacomb corner of its own color enters the catacombs. Defeating a mummy in battle rewards the bird with a feature symbol.
A bird that collects a symbol on top of the captains quarters corner of its own color enters the captains quarters. Defeating a land crab in battle rewards the bird with a feature symbol.
A bird that collects a symbol on top of the treasure chamber corner of its own color enters the treasure chamber. Defeating a shaman in battle rewards the bird with a feature symbol.
Portals appear amongst the walls surrounding the initial game grid. A bird can teleport between portals if it has collectable symbols adjacent to two or more portals. The walls can act as a tunnel if consecutive walls connect two portals. Each tunnel section can reveal feature symbols, which are collected as the bird passes by.
Portals appear amongst the walls surrounding the initial game grid. A bird can teleport between portals if it has collectable symbols adjacent to two or more portals.
The walls can act as a tunnel if consecutive walls connect two portals. Each tunnel section can reveal feature symbols, which are collected as the bird passes by.
If an arrow hits a bird, the bird is removed from the grid and its corresponding gems transform into another birds gems.
If a harpoon hits a bird, the bird is removed from the grid and its corresponding gems transform into another birds gems.
If a fireball hits a bird, the bird is removed from the grid and its corresponding gems transform into another birds gems.
The boulder rolls across the grid, crushing all gems, walls and birds in its path.
The anchor moves across the grid, destroying all gems, walls and birds in its path.
The golden bell moves across the grid, destroying all gems, walls and birds in its path.
The secret door rotates the grid, moving all symbols and birds. Cross-over floor tiles allow the birds to cross already collected positions.
The Cursed Temple coin game is triggered when the entire game grid is cleared during the secret door feature.
The game starts with 3 drops. Landing coins, birds or symbols resets the drop counter.
The cursed treasure curses adjacent birds and rains coin upon the game grid.
The Kraken coin game is triggered when the entire game grid is cleared during the secret door feature.
The game starts with 3 drops. Landing coins, birds or symbols resets the drop counter.
The Kraken will attempt to silence the music box, adding coins and killing birds in its rage.
Shooting the Kraken with the golden compass cannon unleashes its rage.
The City of Gold coin game is triggered when the entire game grid is cleared during the secret door feature.
The game starts with 3 drops. Landing coins, birds or symbols resets the drop counter.
The Mastermind unleashes his minions when fighting adjacent birds, raining coins onto the grid.
Golden birds are persistent during the City of Gold coin game.
Three bonus symbols collected by the birds trigger the bonus drops bonus game. If one of the three bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol the super bonus game is triggered.
The grid size, progress on the symbol collection meter and payout level of the gems are all persistent during the bonus game.