Key features
Name in English Heist Guys 2
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Ways
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns
Rows 4 rows

Game description
Heist Guys 2 - Heist at Dawn follows the legendary ancestors of the Heist Guys, long before the modern crew took shape. Heist Guys 2 is a 5-column, 4-row slot with ways wins, Avalanche mechanics, an Always Super Wild, the State Jar, Bonus Drops and the Heist Game. Each bonus heist retells the crew's daring exploits through guarded routes, safes, The Bank and the Super Safe. The maximum total win is up to 10,000x your bet.
Winning combinations are formed by matching identical paying symbols on consecutive columns from left to right, beginning on the leftmost column, resulting in a varying number of ways to win. The RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
3 or more Bonus symbols collected in the same game round trigger the Bonus Drops bonus game when the game round ends and no more wins remain. The bonus game starts with 8, 10 or 12 Bonus Drops depending on how many Bonus symbols were collected. If one or more of the collected Bonus symbols is a Super Bonus symbol, the Super Bonus Drops bonus game is triggered instead. Each Bonus Drops or Super Bonus Drops bonus game starts fresh with the Wild multiplier set to its initial value and only the standard Wilds in play. During the bonus game, the Wild multiplier and collected Guys remain persistent, and the Heist Game is triggered if all 3 Guys are collected.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Super Wild is always present on the game grid. It substitutes for any paying symbol, applies its current multiplier value to the win it is part of, and then doubles its multiplier for future wins in the same game round. The Super Wild moves to a new random empty position before the symbol refills. If the resolved win includes Guy symbols together with the Super Wild, Guy tokens are added to the inventory.
State symbols can increase the State Jar when they are collected at the end of a game round. The State Jar can award either a cash win, the Bonus Drops bonus game or the Heist Game.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus Drops bonus game. If one of the collected Bonus symbols is a Super Bonus symbol, the Super Bonus Drops bonus game is triggered instead. Each Bonus Drops or Super Bonus Drops bonus game starts fresh with the Wild multipliers set to its initial value and only the standard Wilds in play. In the bonus games, the Wild multiplier and the collected Guys remain persistent between bonus drops.
If all 3 Guys are collected, the Heist Game is triggered. In the Heist Game, the crew progresses through a shared run on one map. The crew can collect coin prizes, multipliers and items from safes while trying to reach The Bank and the Super Safe.
Guns can be collected during the Heist Game. Guns remove guards and win standoffs with outlaws.
Keys can be collected during the Heist Game. Keys guarantee access to The Bank.
Dynamite can be collected during the Heist Game. Dynamite guarantees access to the Super Safe if the crew has entered The Bank.

Game rules
Heist Guys 2 is a 5-column, 4-row slot with 1,024 ways to win, Avalanche mechanics, an Always Super Wild in normal and bonus mode.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Winning combinations are formed by matching identical paying symbols on consecutive columns from left to right, beginning on the leftmost column. No gaps between the columns are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. An active payline is defined as the longest winning symbol combination. The number of ways to win is determined by the number of matching symbols on each winning column.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Heist Guys 2 is played in three modes: normal mode, bonus mode with Bonus Drops, and Heist mode.
A Super Wild is always present on the game grid. Super Wilds substitute for any paying symbol. Super Wilds always enter the game grid without a multiplier value.
If one or more Super Wilds are part of a winning combination, the win is multiplied by the sum of the multiplier values of all Super Wilds with a multiplier that are part of that win. After the win is paid, the multiplier value of each Super Wild with a multiplier that was part of a winning combination is doubled, and each Super Wild without a multiplier that was part of a winning combination gains a multiplier value of 2.
After each win, the winning symbols, except for Super Wilds, are removed from the game grid, and all Super Wilds in the game grid move to a random empty symbol position before the symbol refill. Thereafter, the remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear.
Super Wilds are dropped out at the end of the game round and before Bonus Drops or Super Bonus Drops begin, but not between bonus drops. At least one Super Wild without a multiplier value is dropped in the first Bonus Drop. At least two Super Wilds without a multiplier value are dropped in the first Super Bonus Drop. Super Wilds keep their multiplier values between bonus drops, and each Super Wild moves to a new position.
If a Super Wild is part of a resolved win together with Guy (high value) symbols, Guy tokens are added to the inventory. The Heist Game starts when all 3 Guys have been collected.
At the end of a game round, if the game grid contains a State symbol, it will be collected. After collecting a State symbol, the State Jar may increase by one state level or the State Jar is emptied and it awards a random prize. The State Jar can award either a cash win, the Bonus Drops bonus game or the Heist Game.
3 or more Bonus symbols collected in the same game round trigger the Bonus Drops bonus game when the game round ends and no more wins remain. 3 Bonus symbols award 8 Bonus Drops, 4 Bonus symbols award 10 Bonus Drops, and 5 Bonus symbols award 12 Bonus Drops. Bonus Drops cannot be retriggered.
If one or more of the collected Bonus symbols is a Super Bonus symbol, the Super Bonus Drops bonus game is triggered instead. 3 Bonus symbols award 8 Super Bonus Drops, 4 Bonus symbols award 10 Super Bonus Drops, and 5 Bonus symbols award 12 Super Bonus Drops. Super Bonus Drops cannot be retriggered.
If the State Jar is emptied and awards the Bonus Drops bonus game, the player is awarded 8 Bonus Drops.
The appearance of the State Jar between spins is for presentation purposes only and is independent of the game outcome.
In both bonus games, Super Wilds and collected Guys are persistent between bonus drops. If the Heist Game is triggered and bonus drops remain afterwards, the game returns to the bonus game and continues with the remaining bonus drops after the Heist Game has ended.
The Heist Game is a shared run with one map and 3 Guys acting as lives. The Heist Game continues until all 3 Guys are caught, when no Guy can progress further, or when the win cap has been reached. Coins are collected during the Heist Game and awarded at the end.
Heist guys can only move upward or sideways—never backwards—and may not revisit any space they’ve already been on.
Rooms on the map may contain coin prizes or safes containing prizes of varying value. Safes can award coin prizes, multipliers, Guns, Keys, Dynamite or safe upgrades.
Multipliers found in safes are applied directly to the current heist win as the multiplier is picked up.
Guns are automatically used to defeat and remove guards or win standoffs with outlaws when the Heist Guys encounter them. The Gun is consumed when used but prevents the active Guy from being caught.
A Key is automatically used to guarantee access to The Bank when at least one Guy reaches the door to The Bank.
If there is no Key in the inventory when at least one Guy reaches the door to The Bank, a lock attempt is made. An unsuccessful attempt immediately ends the Heist Game and all collected winnings are paid out. A successful attempt opens The Bank.
If the crew enters The Bank, each remaining Guy is assigned to a safe.
Dynamite is automatically used to gain access to the Super Safe if the Heist Guys have entered The Bank and Dynamite is in the inventory. The Super Safe is the most valuable safe and can award high-value coin prizes, multipliers or MAX WIN.
At intersections in the Heist Game, the active Guy automatically chooses a path.
A bush in the Heist Guys’ path allows a Guy to pass that part of the map without the risk of being caught by guards.
If a Guy is within a guard's sight range, a Gun is consumed to remove the guard if available. Otherwise, the active Guy is caught and removed from the run. The guard is then removed from the game.
If a Guy is caught, the Heist Game continues immediately with the next Guy. A caught Guy can replace the content of a room on the map, and if that room is reached later, the Guy is freed and added back to the remaining Guys.
A Heist Game may include a high-value bounty. If the crew has a Gun when meeting the outlaw, the Gun is consumed, the bounty value is awarded and the outlaw with the bounty is removed. Otherwise, a standoff is resolved for the remaining Guys. A successful standoff awards the bounty value, while a failed standoff causes one Guy to be caught. The standoff continues until either the Guys win or there are no more Guys left to be caught.
The Heist Game ends when all Guys are caught, or when no Guy can progress any further, or when the win cap has been reached.
Collected winnings are paid out when the bonus game or Heist Game ends.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Heist Guys 2 is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-06-17

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Super Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the super bonus game with at least 2 Super Wilds at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Buy Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the bonus game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Heist Game: Start the game in the Heist Game at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mega Bonus Hunt: More than 7 times the chance to trigger any bonus game or Heist Game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: More than 3 times the chance to trigger any bonus game or Heist Game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting an X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Heist Guys 2 is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2026-06-17
The Super Wild moves to a new random empty position before each symbol refill.
If one or more Super Wilds are part of a winning combination, the win is multiplied by the sum of the multiplier values of all Super Wilds with a multiplier that are part of that win. The multiplier value of each contributing Super Wild doubles after the win is paid.
Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game.
If one or more of the collected Bonus symbols is a Super Bonus symbol, the Super Bonus Drops bonus game is triggered instead.
State symbols may increase the State Jar, which can award a cash win, Bonus Drops or the Heist Game.
In the Heist Game, the Heist Guys move through the town toward The Bank, collecting useful items, avoiding guards, catching outlaws and trying to reach the Super Safe.
Safes appear in different qualities. Better safes contain more valuable rewards.
A Heist Guy will hide in any bushes it passes through to stay safe from guards and move past them.
An outlaw may roam the map during the Heist Game. A Heist Guy that catches an outlaw triggers a standoff.
Collect keys to unlock The Bank if the Heist Guys reach it.
Collect guns to catch outlaws and remove guards blocking the Heist Guys’ path.
Collect dynamite to open the Super Safe after reaching and opening The Bank.
When a guard catches the Heist Guys, the active Heist Guy is imprisoned and his progress is stopped.
An imprisoned Heist Guy is rescued and reactivated when reached by the remaining Heist Guys.
If the Heist Guy encounters a guard and a gun is available in the inventory, the guard is removed.
The Bank contains valuable rewards and the path to the Super Safe. Collected keys guarantee access to The Bank if reached.
No keys? If the Heist Guys reaches The Bank without keys, there is a chance of breaking in.
Opening The Bank and having collected dynamite gives access to the Super Safe, where the MAX WIN can be found.