Key features
Name in English Quackers
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines Cluster Wins
Jackpot No
Reels 6 columns
Rows 6 rows

Game description
Quackers is a 6 column, 6 row slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins. The main features are the coin collector where 20 collected coins trigger a coin game, the four Duck symbols that transform symbols and increase multipliers, and a Bonus game with Quack Drops where the grid is expanded to 8 columns and 8 rows.
Quackers is a cluster game where 5 or more vertically or horizontally connected identical symbols trigger a win.
A combination of three Bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the Bonus game with Quack Drops.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Wild symbol substitutes for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol.
!!A combination of three Bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the Bonus game with Quack Drops.
If 1 of 3 Bonus symbols is a Super Bonus symbol, the Super Bonus game is triggered.
The coin symbol is collected and 20 collected coin symbols trigger the coin game.
The flying Duck increases the global multiplier when triggered.
The dynamite Duck converts payout symbols into Wilds.
The princess Duck converts payout symbols of one kind into a more valuable kind.
The Marilyn Duck adds or increases symbol multipliers to payout symbols.

Game rules

X-iter rules
Quackers have four different duck characters, each with a unique feature that triggers before every win evaluation.
The Flying Duck increases the global multiplier.
The Dynamite Duck converts payout symbols into Wilds.
The Princess Duck increases the value of payout symbols.
The Marilyn Duck increases symbol multipliers.
Coins that land in normal mode or bonus mode are collected.
20 collected Coins trigger the Coin game.
The Coin game continues until no hearts remain in the heart counter.
As long as new feature symbols land, the Coin game continues.
The more coins, chests, and multipliers, the higher the win.
The Bonus game is played on an 8 rows, 8 column sized grid.
Ducks are persistent through the Bonus game.
2 Bonus symbols and 1 Super Bonus symbol trigger Super Bonus.
Super Bonus starts with all ducks on the grid.