Key features
Name in English Bamboo Pandits
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 35 fixed paylines in the base game and 44 fixed paylines in the Bonus Game
Jackpot No
Reels 5 columns in the base game and 6 columns in the Bonus Game
Rows 5 rows in the base game and 6 rows in the Bonus Game

Game description
Bamboo Pandits is a 5-column, 5-row slot with 35 fixed paylines, 3 Pandit features, Respins, Mystery symbols, Position Multipliers, a moving Big Wild and the random Gust of Wind feature. The Bonus Game is played on a 6-column, 6-row game grid with 44 fixed paylines and starts with a minimum of 5 Bonus Spins. The maximum total win is up to 10,000x your bet.
Winning combinations are formed by matching identical paying symbols on fixed paylines from left to right, beginning on the leftmost column. The RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
3 or more Bonus symbols landing in the base game trigger the Bonus Game. Bonus symbols do not land during Pandit Respins. 3 Bonus symbols award 1 spin during bonus intro. Each additional Bonus symbol beyond the initial 3 awards 1 additional spin. Each result awards a Pandit or 2-5 additional Bonus Spins. The Bonus Game starts with a minimum of 5 Bonus Spins and is played on a 6-column, 6-row game grid with 44 fixed paylines. Landing 3 Bonus symbols during the Bonus Game awards an additional Pandit or Bonus Spins.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing.
The Wild substitutes for all paying symbols except the Bonus symbol.
Smoke bombs, Dumplings and Rockets are Loot connected to Mystery, Wild and Multiplier Pandit respectively. Collecting Loot may trigger the corresponding Pandit feature. A Pandit feature activates after the current payout and awards a Respin.
When the Mystery Pandit activates, Mystery symbols are added to random positions. If a Mystery symbol is added to a position already containing a Mystery symbol, additional Mystery symbols may spread to neighbouring positions. All Mystery symbols reveal as the same paying symbol before wins are evaluated.
When the Wild Pandit activates, it jumps onto the game grid as a Big Wild. The Big Wild may move and change size between Respins. Position Multipliers hitting the Big Wild are added to its multiplier value, which remains persistent during Respins.
When the Multiplier Pandit activates, it adds Position Multipliers to random positions. It can also double an existing Position Multiplier. Position Multipliers multiply wins passing through their positions. Multiple contributing Position Multipliers are added together before multiplying the win.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus Game. 3 Bonus symbols award 1 spin during the bonus intro. Each additional Bonus symbol awards 1 additional spin. Each spin collects a Pandit or awards 2-5 additional Bonus Spins

Game rules
Bamboo Pandits is a 5-column, 5-row slot with 35 fixed paylines, Pandit features and Respins. The Bonus Game is played on a 6-column, 6-row game grid with 44 fixed paylines.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
Winning combinations are formed by matching identical paying symbols on fixed paylines from left to right, beginning on the leftmost column. No gaps between the columns are allowed. Only the longest win is awarded per payline.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
Bamboo Pandits is played in normal mode and Bonus mode.
The Wild substitutes for all paying symbols except the Bonus symbol.
Smoke Bombs, Dumplings and Rockets are Loot connected to the Mystery, Wild and Multiplier Pandit respectively. When Loot lands, they are collected by the corresponding Pandit and may trigger that Pandit's feature.
When a Pandit feature is triggered, it activates after the current payout and awards a Respin.
If multiple Pandit features activate for the same Respin, they are applied in the following order: Wild Pandit, Multiplier Pandit and Mystery Pandit.
When the Mystery Pandit activates, Mystery symbols are added to random positions before the Respin. If a Mystery symbol is added to a position already containing a Mystery symbol, additional Mystery symbols may spread to neighbouring positions.
After the reels stop, all Mystery symbols reveal as the same paying symbol before wins are evaluated.
If Mystery Pandit remains active during a chained Respin, more Mystery symbols are added before the next Respin.
When the Wild Pandit activates, he jumps onto the game grid as a Big Wild. The Big Wild substitutes for all paying symbols except the Bonus symbol.
Between Respins and Bonus Spins, the Big Wild may move to a new position and change size to 2x2, 3x3, 4x4, 5x5 or, during the Bonus Game, 6x6.
If a Position Multiplier hits the Big Wild, the multiplier value is added to the Big Wild. Wins passing through the Big Wild are multiplied by its current multiplier value. The Big Wild multiplier remains persistent during Respins.
When the Multiplier Pandit collects a rocket, it has a chance to add Position Multipliers to random positions before a Respin. It can also double an existing Position Multiplier.
A Position Multiplier multiplies wins passing through its position. If multiple Position Multipliers contribute to the same win, their values are added together before the win is multiplied.
A Gust of Wind feature may trigger during any base game spin. Bonus Wind adds 2–5 Bonus symbols to the game grid, while Loot Wind adds 4–7 Loot symbols.
The appearance of the Pandits between spins is for presentation purposes only and is independent of the game outcome.
3 or more Bonus symbols landing in the base game trigger the Bonus Game. Bonus symbols do not land during Pandit Respins.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus Game. 3 Bonus symbols award 1 spin during the bonus intro. Each additional Bonus symbol awards 1 additional spin. Each spin collects a Pandit or awards 2-5 additional Bonus Spins
The Bonus Game starts with a minimum of 5 Bonus Spins and is played on a 6-column, 6-row game grid with 44 fixed paylines.
Landing 3 Bonus symbols during the Bonus Game awards an additional Pandit or 2-5 additional Bonus Spins.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in Bamboo Pandits is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-07-09

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers several different game modes.
Maxed Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus Game with all 3 Pandits active at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the Bonus Game at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Lucky Wind: Start the game with a guaranteed Gust of Wind feature at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Mega Bonus Hunt: More than 6 times the chance to trigger the Bonus Game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
Bonus Hunt: More than 3 times the chance to trigger the Bonus Game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting an X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Bamboo Pandits is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2026-07-09
When the Wild Pandit collects a dumpling, it may jump onto the game grid as a Big Wild. Between Respins, the Big Wild may move and change size. The feature awards a Respin.
When the Multiplier Pandit collects a rocket, it may add Position Multipliers to random positions before awarding a Respin.
When the Mystery Pandit collects a smokebomb, it may add Mystery symbols to random positions before awarding a Respin. Mystery symbols are revealed at the end of a spin.
Before a spin, a Gust of wind feature may randomly activate. The Gust of Wind adds multiple Loot or Bonus symbols to the reels.
The Wild substitutes for all paying symbols except the Bonus symbol.
3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Bonus Game. 3 Bonus symbols award 1 spin during the bonus intro. Each additional Bonus symbol awards 1 additional spin. Each spin collects a Pandit or awards 2-5 additional Bonus Spins.
The Bonus Game starts with 5 Bonus Spins and is played on a 6-column, 6-row game grid with 44 fixed paylines. 3 Bonus symbols retriggers the bonus game.