Key features
Name in English Grizzly Stampede
Product category Casino
Game type Slot
Client HTML5
Lines 1,024 to 7,776 ways to win
Jackpot No
Reels 5 reels
Rows 4 rows by default, each reel can be individually expanded to 6 rows in Bonus mode.

Game description
Grizzly Stampede is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with spinning reels and 1,024 ways to win. Grizzly Stampede comes with Multiplier Wilds, the Stampede feature, the Super Stampede feature, the stateful Totem feature, and the Bonus- and Super Bonus games with Bonus spins. In the Bonus game, each reel can individually expand from 4 to 6 rows, increasing the number of ways to win up to a maximum of 7,776.
Grizzly Stampede has 1,024 to 7,776 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules.
Three or more Bonus symbols in Normal mode triggers the Bonus game with Bonus spins. If more than three Bonus symbols land, more Bonus spins are awarded. In the Bonus game, golden Grizzly symbols are collected on each reel. 3 collected golden Grizzly symbols on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 will increase the height of the reel to 6 rows and convert the associated high value symbol to the Grizzly symbol for the remainder of the Bonus game. 5 collected golden Grizzly symbols on reel 3 will increase the height of the reel to 6 rows and convert the Grizzly symbol to the higher value Raging Grizzly symbol for the remainder of the Bonus game.
Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode.
The Wild symbols substitute for any symbol except the Bonus-, Super Bonus-, and Stampede symbols. If the Wild symbol contributes to a win, a multiplier will be revealed.
The Stampede symbol is a special symbol that triggers the Stampede feature if 2 land on the same row. In Normal mode it converts symbols into Grizzly symbols, while in Bonus mode it converts symbols into golden Grizzly symbols.
During Bonus mode, golden Grizzly symbols are independently collected as tokens on each reel. When enough tokens are collected, +1 Bonus spin is awarded, the high value symbol associated with the reel is upgraded, and the reel is expanded to 6 rows.
Three or more Bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the Bonus game with Bonus spins.
The Super Bonus symbol, together with at least 2 Bonus symbols trigger the Super Bonus game.

Game rules
Grizzly Stampede is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 1,024 ways to win. In the Bonus game, each reel can individually expand from 4 to 6 rows, increasing the number of ways to win up to a maximum of 7,776.
The minimum bet is __MINBADEFBMODE__, and the maximum bet is __MAXBADEFBMODE__.
Each bet is __CPBB__ coins.
All wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. An active payline is defined as the longest winning symbol combination.
A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically.
Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings.
Winnings are presented in the player's currency.
The game is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with Bonus spins.
The Wild symbols substitute for any symbol except the Bonus-, Super Bonus-, and Stampede symbols. If the Wild symbol contributes to a win, a multiplier of x2, x3, or x5 will be revealed.
Wilds contributing to wins in Bonus mode always reveal a multiplier.
The total multiplier of a win is the product of the multipliers of contributing Wilds.
Two Stampede symbols landing on the same row connect, triggering the Stampede feature or the Super Stampede feature.
The Stampede and Super Stampede features affect all rows where more than one Stampede symbol lands.
In Normal mode, the Stampede feature converts the connected Stampede symbols as well as all payout symbols in between them into Grizzly symbols.
In Bonus mode, the Stampede feature converts symbols into golden Grizzly symbols only on reels that have not yet expanded, and Grizzly symbols elsewhere.
The Super Stampede feature functions as the regular Stampede feature, but also scatters additional Grizzly- or golden Grizzly symbols on the reels.
In Normal mode, Wild symbols are not affected by the Stampede feature. In Bonus mode, any Wilds in between two Stampede symbols are temporarily converted to golden Grizzly symbols.
When only one Stampede symbol lands on one of the rows on the game grid, its energy is released and transferred to the stateful Totem pole at the end of the spin, charging it.
The state of the Totem pole is kept between game rounds.
The Totem feature can trigger at any spin, emptying the Totem pole and releasing the Grizzly Spirit which scatters Stampede symbols on the reels before they stop.
Each game round has the same probability of triggering the Totem feature.
The X-iter feature GRIZZLY SPIRIT guarantees that the Totem feature triggers, and is disconnected from the state. The Totem pole is neither charged nor emptied in X03 this game mode.
A combination of three or more Bonus symbols during Normal mode trigger the Bonus game with Bonus spins:
3 Bonus symbols: 6 Bonus spins.
4 Bonus symbols: 9 Bonus spins.
5 Bonus symbols: 12 Bonus spins.
Two or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode award additional Bonus spins:
2 Bonus symbols: +3 Bonus spins.
3 Bonus symbols: +6 Bonus spins.
4 Bonus symbols: +9 Bonus spins.
5 Bonus symbols: +12 Bonus spins.
In Bonus mode, each reel is equipped with a token meter.
In Bonus mode, golden Grizzly symbols are present on all reels.
Landing a golden Grizzly symbol awards a token to the meter on the reel. Collected golden Grizzly symbols convert into Grizzly symbols.
When 3 tokens have been collected on reel 1, 2, 4, or 5, the following happens:
+1 Bonus spin is awarded.
The associated high value symbol is converted to the Grizzly symbol for the remainder of the Bonus game.
The reel is expanded from 4 to 6 rows. The two added symbol positions reveal Grizzly symbols.
When 5 tokens have been collected on reel 3, the following happens:
+1 Bonus spin is awarded.
All Grizzly symbols on the reels are converted to Raging Grizzly symbols for the remainder of the Bonus game.
The reel is expanded from 4 to 6 rows. The two added symbol positions reveal Raging Grizzly symbols.
When reel 3 has expanded, golden Grizzly symbols are replaced by golden Raging Grizzly symbols for the remainder of the Bonus game.
When reel 3 has expanded, the Stampede- and Super Stampede features create golden Raging Grizzly symbols only on reels that have not yet expanded, and Raging Grizzly symbols elsewhere.
Collected golden Raging Grizzly symbols convert into Raging Grizzly symbols.
The Super Bonus symbol is only present on reel 5 in Normal mode.
The Super Bonus symbol, together with at least 2 Bonus symbols trigger the Super Bonus game.
Prior to the first Bonus spin in the Super Bonus game, the Super Bonus symbol activates and awards a number of tokens.
Each token awarded by the activated Super Bonus symbol fills a golden Grizzly token position on one of the reels, or adds +1 Bonus spin.
The Bonus game ends when no Bonus spins remain or when the win cap has been reached.
The Bonus game ends when no Bonus spins remain.
Winnings are paid out at the end of the Bonus game.
No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round.
A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.
The theoretical payout (RTP) in the game is __RTP__.
The maximum total win in a game round is capped at __TBB__ the placed bet.
The probability to hit the maximum total win in the game is __MWP__.
In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.
Last updated 2026-05-22

X-iter rules
The X-iter feature offers different game modes.
SUPER BONUS:
Guaranteed Super Bonus trigger at the cost of __X05_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS:
Guaranteed Bonus trigger at the cost of __X04_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
GRIZZLY STAMPEDE:
Guaranteed Totem feature trigger releasing the Grizzly Spirit at the cost of __X03_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
MEGA HUNT:
More than 15 times the chance to trigger the Bonus game at the cost of __X02_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
BONUS HUNT:
More than 4 times the chance to trigger the Bonus game at the cost of __X01_MULTIPLIER__ the selected bet.
The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game.
The minimum X-iter cost is __MINBABMODE__, and the maximum cost is __MAXBABMODE__.
The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in the game is __RTP__.
All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well.
Last updated 2026-05-22
A single Stampede symbol on a row transfers its energy to the stateful Totem pole.
Two Stampede symbols on the same row connect, triggering the Stampede feature or the Super Stampede feature.
A Stampede converts the connected Stampede symbols and payout symbols in between them into Grizzly symbols.
The Super Stampede feature scatters additional Grizzly symbols on the reels.
At the end of each spin, energy from remaining Stampede symbols charges the stateful Totem pole.
The Totem feature can trigger at any spin, emptying the Totem pole and releasing the Grizzly Spirit which scatters Stampede symbols on the reels before they stop.
The Wild symbols substitute for any symbol except the Bonus-, Super Bonus-, and Stampede symbols. If the Wild symbol contributes to a win, a multiplier will be revealed.
Land 3 Bonus symbols to trigger the Bonus game with Bonus spins. If more than 3 Bonus symbols land, more Bonus spins are awarded.
2 or more Bonus symbols in Bonus mode retriggers the Bonus, awarding more Bonus spins.
In Bonus mode, the Stampede- and Super Stampede features convert symbols into golden Grizzly symbols.
Collect golden Grizzly tokens to expand the reels and convert symbols to the Grizzly- or Raging Grizzly symbol.
The Super Bonus symbol, together with at least 2 Bonus symbols trigger the Super Bonus game.
The Super Bonus game starts with a number of extra golden Grizzly tokens and/or Bonus spins awarded prior to the first Bonus spin.