                                                       GAME RULES
             The game is played on a grid of 5 vertical reels with 3, 4 or 5 symbols randomly hitting on
                       each reel at every spin. The bottom row of symbols is always marked.
          Wins occur when 3 or more symbols of the same type hit on the bottom, marked row of the reels.
         When that happens, the reels that have winning symbols on them become active and all instances of
                  the winning symbol on the active reels count for creating winning combinations.


         Pays 20 for each symbol in the winning combination.                 Pays 2 for each symbol in the winning combination.



         Pays 10 for each symbol in the winning combination.                 Pays 1 for each symbol in the winning combination.




         Pays 5 for each symbol in the winning combination.                  Pays 1 for each symbol in the winning combination.



         Pays 5 for each symbol in the winning combination.                  Pays 1 for each symbol in the winning combination.



                                           Pays 1 for each symbol in the winning combination.




                                                  TUMBLE FEATURE
              The TUMBLE FEATURE means that after every spin, winning combinations are paid and all
           winning symbols disappear. The remaining symbols fall towards the bottom of the screen and
                       the empty positions are replaced with new symbols coming from above.
              Tumbling will continue until no more winning combinations appear as a result of a tumble.
   All wins are added to the player's balance after all of the tumbles resulted from a base spin have been played.
            This is the WILD symbol and substitutes for all symbols for the
            purpose of winning combinations except for SCATTER.
            It can appear on reel 3 during the base game and on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the FREE SPINS feature.
            The WILD symbol is inactive and does not substitute unless it hits or reaches the bottom, marked row.
            Above the marked row it is shown as inactive and it becomes active once it reaches the bottom row.
   3-3
   2-2      The WILD symbol can carry a random multiplier of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x or 25x.
   1-1


           This is the SCATTER symbol. It can appear on all reels.
           Whenever the SCATTER symbol hits or reaches the bottom, marked row it explodes along with all
           symbols immediately adjacent to it horizontally, vertically and diagonally. Symbols exploded like this
           are considered winning combinations and pay for how many they are according to their paytable.

                                            WIN MULTIPLIER FEATURE
   Every spin starts with a multiplier of 1x. Every 10 symbols that explode during tumbles or are exploded by a
 SCATTER add +1x to the win multiplier. The multiplier that WILD symbols carry is also added to the win multiplier
     when a WILD symbol reaches the bottom marked row. The current win multiplier applies to the winning
                                            combinations as they happen.




                                                        FREE SPINS
Hit 3 or more SCATTER symbols across a base game spin and all tumbles resulted from it to trigger the FREE SPINS
              feature and win 7 free spins plus an additional 3 for each SCATTER symbol beyond the 3rd.
          The amount of symbols hitting on each reel during the FREE SPINS round always starts with 3 and
         after every spin it might randomly increase by 1 on a random reel, up to maximum 5 on a reel. Those
                                reels will then stay at that size until the end of the round.
             All increases of the win multiplier achieved during any free spin persist throughout the round.
 Any SCATTER symbol that hits or reaches the bottom, marked reel during the round, awards 1 additional free spin.
  The WILD symbol in the FREE SPINS feature can carry a random multiplier of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x or 100x.
                                       Special reels are in play during the feature.




                                                              MAX WIN
The maximum win amount is limited to 5,000x bet. If the total win of a FREE SPINS round reaches 5,000x bet the
          round immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining features are forfeited.
                                                    ANTE BET
The player has the option to select the bet multiplier. Depending on the selected bet, the game behaves differently.
                                              The possible values are:
   Bet multiplier 25x - the chance to win the FREE SPINS round naturally is doubled. More SCATTER symbols
                         are present on the reels. The BUY FREE SPINS feature is disabled.
                                          Bet multiplier 20x - Normal play.



                                               BUY FREE SPINS
               The FREE SPINS round can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it.
                                 Pay 65x total bet to trigger the FREE SPINS feature.
         Pay 400x total bet to trigger the SUPER FREE SPINS feature. In the SUPER FREE SPINS feature,
                                           the win multiplier starts at 50x.




                                                 VOLATILITY

High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.

                              Only the highest win is paid per winning combination.
                    When winning with multiple combinations all wins are added to the total win.
                                       All wins are multiplied by base bet.
                                All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                      Free Spins round win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                    Free Spins round total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.

                                   The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.50%
                           The RTP of the game when using the "ANTE BET" is 96.51%
                         The RTP of the game when using "BUY FREE SPINS" is 96.49%
                      The RTP of the game when using "BUY SUPER FREE SPINS" is 96.51%

                                               MINIMUM BET: R3.00
                                              MAXIMUM BET: R4,500.00

               SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                        Malfunction voids all pays and plays.




                                                HOW TO PLAY
                 Click the       or        buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                      Select the bet you want to use in the game.



                                          MAIN GAME INTERFACE
           opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                               opens the Information page

                       CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                         Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
              and         change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                             the bet denominations.
                                                      starts the game

                                  AUTOPLAY      opens the automatic play menu
                                 Click the    AUTOPLAY    button again to stop it.


                                               SETTINGS MENU
 QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                             INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                      AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                              SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                                   GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page


                                              INFORMATION SCREEN
                                        and      scroll between information pages

                                               closes the information screen
                                                 BET MENU
The bet menu shows the bet multiplier available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
           Use the       and       buttons in the BET and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                       The maximum win amount is limited to 5000X bet. If the total win
                       of a round reaches 5000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                        awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                               AUTOPLAY
              Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay
    SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
