                                                 GAME RULES
             All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.
      The game is played normally on a 3x5 symbols grid with 10 paylines. Randomly, as a result of game
                features the game can extend to 4x5 with 30 paylines or 5x5 with 60 paylines.




     5 - 200               5 - 150            5 - 100            5 - 100            5 - 50             5 - 50
     4 - 100               4 - 50             4 - 30             4 - 30             4 - 20             4 - 20
     3 - 20                3 - 15             3 - 10             3 - 10             3-5                3-5




                  5 - 40             5 - 40             5 - 25             5 - 25        5 - 25
                  4 - 15             4 - 15             4 - 10             4 - 10        4 - 10
                  3-5                3-5                3-5                3-5           3-5

                              This is the WILD symbol and
    5 - 1000                  substitutes for all symbols except                    This is the BONUS symbol.
     4 - 200                  for BONUS and MONEY symbols.                          It appears on reels 2, 3 and 4.
       3 - 50                 The WILD symbol appears
                              on all reels.


                                              MONEY SYMBOLS
                           These are the MONEY symbols. They appear on all reels.
                  Each spin, the MONEY symbols take a random value from a pre-defined set.
                                        There are 4 types of MONEY symbols:
            MONEY symbol with money value - It shows a
            random money amount based on current bet.                  MYSTERY MONEY symbol - A random
            Possible values are: 1x, 1.25x, 2x, 2.5x, 3.75x,           money amount is revealed on it at the
                                                                       end of the respin feature.
            5x, 6.25x, 7.5x, 10x, 12.5x, 25x, 40x, 50x, 75x,
            100x, 125x, 200x or 250x total bet.                        JACKPOT MONEY symbol - Can appear
            WILD MONEY symbol - A random money                         only during the respin feature. When it
            amount is revealed at the end of the respin                hits it awards one point towards winning
            feature. In the base game it also functions as a           the jackpot bonus game and a random
                                                                       money amount is revealed on it.
            WILD and substitutes for symbols except
            BONUS and MONEY symbols.
              Hitting any 5 MONEY symbols at the end of a spin triggers the MONEY RESPIN round.
If 3 MONEY symbols of any type hit on the middle reel in the base game the size of the game area increases from
3x5 to 4x5 or 5x5 randomly for the current spin and subsequent round if triggered, thus increasing the number of
                           paylines and possible number of MONEY symbols in respin.

                                AMAZING MONEY MACHINE FEATURE
                           A visual machine is present in the game, next to the reels.
         Randomly during the base game and respin feature, at any spin the machine can throw random
                             symbols to the reels, replacing what is there as follows:
         In the base game it can throw value, mystery or wild money symbols, normal WILD symbols or
                                           instant JACKPOT symbol.
                      During the respin round it can also throw JACKPOT money symbols.

                                        MONEY RESPIN FEATURE
             The MONEY RESPIN feature starts after all win combinations for the base game are paid.
         The normal symbols fade away and only the MONEY symbols that triggered the feature remain.
      The normal reels are replaced with special reels containing only MONEY symbols and empty spaces.
    You start with a number of respins equal to the number of the MONEY symbols that triggered the feature.
                   All MONEY symbols that hit remain on the screen until the end of the round.
                      Every MONEY symbol that hits during the round adds one more respin.
   The round continues until respins are finished or all positions on the screen are filled with MONEY symbols.
The round is played on a 3x5, 4x5 or 5x5 grid depending if the round was triggered with 3 MONEY symbols on the
       middle reel. Filling the middle reel with MONEY symbols during the round does not expand the grid.
During the round, at random respins the machine can throw MONEY symbols to the screen in empty positions that
                                    will count towards the total win of the round.
    Hit and collect 3 JACKPOT money symbols during the respin round to win the JACKPOT BONUS feature.
              When a JACKPOT BONUS feature is won it will be played after the current round ends.
        When the MONEY RESPIN feature is complete the values of all MONEY symbols are added and the
                                             game pays the total amount.
         If all positions are filled, the round is retriggered and starts again, with 5 initial respins. Every
                        MONEY symbol hit during retriggered rounds adds one more respin.




                                      JACKPOT BONUS FEATURE
Hit 3 BONUS symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4, collect 3 JACKPOT MONEY symbols during the respin round or hit an
            instant jackpot from the machine in the base game to trigger the JACKPOT BONUS feature.
       In the bonus game pick coins to reveal jackpot names behind them. Match 3 of the same symbol to
                                      be awarded the corresponding jackpot.

                                     INSTANT JACKPOT FEATURE
                   This is the INSTANT JACKPOT symbol. Randomly at any spin the machine can throw
                   an INSTANT JACKPOT symbol to trigger the JACKPOT BONUS feature instantly.


                                INSTANT MONEY RESPIN FEATURE
       Randomly at any spin, the machine can throw 5 or more MONEY symbols of any kind to random
                 positions on the screen to instantly trigger the MONEY RESPIN feature.

                                                    MAX WIN
  The maximum win amount is limited to 5,100x bet in base game, respin or jackpot bonus. If the total win of
    any spin including all features or modifiers reaches 5,100x bet the round immediately ends, wins are
                             awarded and all wins above this amount are forfeited.




                                                VOLATILITY

High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher
                                        Paylines 5x5

                                                                 Only the highest win is paid per winning
       Paylines 3x5                                              combination on the same payline.
                                                                 When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are
                                                                 added to the total win.
       Paylines 4x5                                              Respin and bonus wins are added to the payline win.
                                                                 All wins are multiplied by base bet.
                                                                 All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                                                 SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be
                                                                 used to start and stop the spin.
                                                                 Malfunction voids all pays and plays.



                                     The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.42%
                                              MINIMUM BET: R3.00
                                             MAXIMUM BET: R1,500.00



                                                HOW TO PLAY
                Click the       or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                     Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                        MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                               opens the Information page

                      CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                      Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
            and       change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                            the bet denominations.

                                                  starts the game

                               AUTOPLAY     opens the automatic play menu



                                           SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                         INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off
                   AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                          SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                               GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                          INFORMATION SCREEN
                                    and      scroll between information pages

                                           closes the information screen


                                                BET MENU
The bet menu shows the bet multiplier available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
            Use the      and      buttons in the BET and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                      The maximum win amount is limited to 5100X bet. If the total win of
                        a round reaches 5100X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                        awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                               AUTOPLAY
              Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay
    SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
