                                                        GAME RULES
                   All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




    3 - 20               3 - 15             3 - 12           3 - 10            3-8            3-5          3-2

                                   The 4th reel contains only win multiplier items.
                         One item is randomly chosen on the 4th reel at the end of each spin.
                        The win multiplier hit on the 4th reel applies to all line wins on that spin




                                                                      3 - 25




                                    This symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols.




                                                      VOLATILITY

         Medium volatility games pay out steadily and the range of pays varies from low to very high

                                   All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                           All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                                      All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                       Only the highest win is paid per line.
                        When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.




               SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                          The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.52 %
                                             Malfunction voids all pays and plays.

                                                      MINIMUM BET: R0.75
                                                     MAXIMUM BET: R375.00




                                                      HOW TO PLAY
                     Click the       or      buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                          Select the bet you want to use in the game.
                                                 Press the SPIN button to play.

                                              MAIN GAME INTERFACE
         opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.

                      - cycles through spin speed settings, normal speed, quick spin and turbo spin.



                                                toggles sound and music on and off
                                                     opens the Information page
                        CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                          Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
             and       change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change the
                                                  bet denominations.
                                                          starts the game

                                      AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu.
                                    Click the     AUTOPLAY     button again to stop it.


                                                     SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                              INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                       AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                                  SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                                      GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page
                                           INFORMATION SCREEN
                                     and      scroll between information pages

                                            closes the information screen


                                                 BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
      Use the      and       buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.




                                                AUTOPLAY
                Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay

     SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
