                                                      GAME RULES
                    All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel
                                                                                                            ANY




    3 - 88                3 - 58             3 - 28                3 - 18              3-8                  3 - 10



                                   This symbol is WILD and substitutes for
                                   all symbols except for   .
                                   WILD symbol appears on all reels.

                    3 - 250
                                   This is the MONEY SYMBOL.            is present on all reels.

                  600              Each spin      takes a random value from a predefined set or it takes
                                   either MINI or MINOR JACKPOT values.
                                   When 4 or more          hit, they trigger the MONEY RESPIN feature.




                                           MONEY RESPIN FEATURE
                 The MONEY RESPIN FEATURE starts after all win combinations for the lines are paid.

              The normal symbols fade away and only the             symbols that triggered the feature remain.
        The normal reels are replaced with special reels containing only             symbols and empty spaces.


You start with 3 respins. All      symbols that hit after each respin remain on the screen until the end of the round.
                    Every time at least one      symbol hits, the number of respins is reset to 3.

     The round continues until respins are finished or all positions on the screen are filled with         symbols.

         When the MONEY RESPIN feature is complete, the values of all                symbols are added and the
                                      game pays the total amount.

   If at the end of the round all the positions on the screen are filled with         one random feature is triggered:
             MULTIPLIER - A multiplier of 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x or 10x is applied to the total win of the respin round.
      WHEEL OF FORTUNE - A wheel of fortune spins awarding one more prize to the total win of the respin
      round. Possible prizes, as multiplier of total bet, are: 18x,28x, 58x, 88x, 108x, 128x, 188x, 288x, 388x or
                                MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND JACKPOT values.




                                                      VOLATILITY

 High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.
                    Only the highest win is paid per winning combination on the same payline.
                        When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.
                                Respins and bonus wins are added to the payline win.
                                          All wins are multiplied by base bet.
                                   All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                      Respin and bonus wins are awarded to the player after the round completes.
                       Respin and bonus wins in the history contain the whole win of the cycle.




                  SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                        The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.5%
                                                  MINIMUM BET: R1.35
                                                MAXIMUM BET: R1,350.00
                                           Malfunction voids all pays and plays.
                                                  HOW TO PLAY
                 Click the        or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                       Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                          MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                                 opens the Information page

                     CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                       Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
             and         change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                            the bet denominations.

                                                       starts the game


                                  AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu



                                                SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released

                             INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                    AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off

                              SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off

                                   GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                               INFORMATION SCREEN
                                         and      scroll between information pages

                                                closes the information screen


                                                     BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.

      Use the      and         buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.




                                                    AUTOPLAY
                Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay

     SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
