                                                  GAME RULES
                    Symbols pay anywhere on the screen. The total number of the same symbol
                       on the screen at the end of the spin determines the value of the win.




            12 + 1000            12 + 500                   12 + 300                 12 + 240         12 + 200
            10-11 500            10-11 200                  10-11 100                10-11 40         10-11 30
            8-9 200              8-9 50                     8-9 40                   8-9 30           8-9 20




                             12 + 160          12 + 100                 12 + 80          12 + 40
                             10-11 24          10 - 11 20               10 - 11 18       10 - 11 15
                             8-9 16            8 - 9 10                 8-9 8            8-9 5

                                              TUMBLE FEATURE
         The TUMBLE FEATURE means that after every spin, winning combinations are paid and all winning
       symbols disappear. The remaining symbols fall to the bottom of the screen and the empty positions are
                                  replaced with new symbols coming from above.
             Tumbling will continue until no more winning combinations appear as a result of a tumble.
   All wins are added to the player's balance after all of the tumbles resulted from a base spin have been played.



                             This is the MONEY SYMBOL. It can appear on all reels.
                             On each spin the MONEY SYMBOL takes a random value from
                             a predefined set between 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x,
                             15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x or 500x total bet.

                             MONEY SYMBOLS AS WIN MULTIPLIERS
Whenever exactly 3 MONEY symbols hit either together or through multiple tumbles their values transform into win
 multipliers that add together and apply to the win of all subsequent tumbles in that cycle. MONEY symbols that hit
      after the 3rd will also have their value transformed into win multipliers, adding to the total win multiplier.
 When exactly 3 MONEY symbols hit as the initial result of a spin, before any tumble, if that result has no win, the
values on those MONEY symbols transform into multipliers, they are added together, set on the side, and the game
  respins all symbols on the screen until at least one winning combination hits. All wins resulting from this will be
multiplied by the previously collected win multiplier. During these respins and subsequent tumbles, special reels are
                                    in play that do not contain any MONEY symbols.

                                        MONEY RESPIN FEATURE
     Hit 4 or more MONEY symbol together or through multiple tumbles to trigger the MONEY RESPIN feature.
                When the feature starts, the base game reels are replaced with a grid of 4x5 positions.
During the round, only MONEY SYMBOLS and special symbols spin and can stop on any open position on the grid.
               The round starts with the MONEY SYMBOLS hit in the base game in the same position.
         Start with 3 respins. All symbols that hit after each respin remain on the screen until the end of the
                      round. Whenever any symbol hits, the number of respins is reset back to 3.
               The round ends when there are no more respins left or the screen has been fully filled.
                           At the end of the round all amounts collected so far are awarded.



                               The following symbols can hit during the respin round:

       MONEY symbols with random initial values.
       This is the ADD VALUE symbol. Whenever it hits it adds a random value from the same set as MONEY
       symbol to the value of all MONEY symbols currently on the screen. After adding, it transforms into a
       MONEY symbol with the value equal to the one it has added.
       This is the MULTIPLY symbol. Whenever it hits it multiplies the values of 2 to 5 MONEY symbols on the
       screen randomly by a random multiplier of x2, x3, x4 or x5. After multiplying it transforms into a MONEY
       symbol with a value of as many total bets as the multiplier it had.
       This is the COLLECT symbol. Whenever it hits it collects the values of all MONEY symbols currently on
       the screen. After collecting it transforms into a MONEY symbol with the value it has collected.
       This is the UNLOCK symbol. First time it hits in a round, it unlocks the rightmost reel, extending the grid
       to 5x5. Second time it hits in a round it unlocks the leftmost reel, extending the grid to 6x5. After it hits, it
       transforms into a MONEY symbol with a random value.
       This is the persistent ADD symbol. Whenever it hits, it takes a random value from the same set as MONEY
       symbols. That value is added to the values of all MONEY symbols on the screen for the current and all
       subsequent respins.
       This is the persistent MULTIPLY symbol. Whenever it hits, it takes a random multiplier value of x2, x3, x4 or
       x5. For current spin and all subsequent respins until the end of the round, the value of 2 to 5 MONEY
       symbols randomly is multiplied by that multiplier.
       This is the persistent COLLECT symbol. Whenever it hits and for all subsequent respins until
       the end of the round, it collects the value of all MONEY symbols on the screen.
     The order in which modifiers apply to MONEY symbols on the screen is fixed as: ADD, then MULTIPLY,
   then COLLECT, then persistent ADD, then persistent MULTIPLY, then persistent COLLECT, then UNLOCK.
                        The value of all persistent symbols is not affected by any modifier.
                      If the grid is fully unlocked to 6x5 and it is fully filled, the round ends
                        and an additional award of 500x total bet is added to the total win.



                                                    MAX WIN
 The maximum win amount is limited to 20,000x bet. If the total win of a feature reaches 20,000x bet the round
               immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining features are forfeited.




                                                VOLATILITY

High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.

                              Only the highest win is paid per winning combination.
                     When winning with multiple blocks all wins are added to the total win.

                                     All wins are multiplied by base bet.
                              All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                     Respin round win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                            Total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.

              SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.

                                      The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.45%


                                                MINIMUM BET: £0.20
                                              MAXIMUM BET: £100.00
                                        Malfunction voids all pays and plays.




                                                HOW TO PLAY
                Click the        or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                      Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                         MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                                opens the Information page

                    CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                      Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.

             and       change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                          the bet denominations.
                                                      starts the game
                                            SETTINGS MENU

                          INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                   AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                           SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off

                                GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page


                                           INFORMATION SCREEN
                                     and      scroll between information pages

                                            closes the information screen


                                                 BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.

      Use the      and      buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                       The maximum win amount is limited to 20000X bet. If the total win
                       of a round reaches 20000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                         awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.
