                                                 GAME RULES
               All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.


                      5 - 500                   5 - 300                     5 - 250               5 - 200
                      4 - 150                   4 - 100                     4 - 70                4 - 50
                      3 - 50                    3 - 35                      3 - 25                3 - 15


           5 - 150                 5 - 75                     5 - 75                    5 - 40                5 - 40
           4 - 30                  4 - 15                     4 - 15                    4 - 10                4 - 10
           3-8                     3-5                        3-5                       3-3                   3-3


                                                                                                  5 - 750
                                                                                                  4 - 250
                                                                                                  3 - 75

                                                                       This is the WILD symbol and substitutes for
                                                  .                             all symbols except for  .
               It appears on all reels.                                It is always added to the screen randomly by
                                                                                  the SUPER WILD symbol.
                      The SUPER WILD symbol shows 8 directions around it. Every time it
                     hits, 1 to 8 directions will highlight randomly and WILDS will be added
                       to the screen in the highlighted directions, replacing all symbols in
                                        their path, up to the edge of the grid.
                                     This is the SCATTER symbol.
                                     In the base game it appears on reels 1, 3 and 5.
                                     In the FREE SPINS feature it appears on all reels.
                                            FREE SPINS FEATURE
                  Hit 3 SCATTER symbols to trigger the FREE SPINS feature and get 5 free spins.
 During the round, there is one SUPER WILD symbol guaranteed to be on the screen for the whole duration of the
feature. After every spin, it moves to a random position. Other SUPER WILD symbols cannot hit during the round.
When the round starts, the roaming SUPER WILD symbol gets a random level from 1 to 8. Depending on the level,
  after every free spin, a number of directions are highlighted on it and WILDS are added to the screen in those
                   directions, replacing all symbols in their path, up to the edge of the grid.
     For each 2 SCATTER symbols that hit during the round the level of the SUPER WILD will increase by 1
                          and 1, 2 or 3 additional free spins are awarded randomly.
                When the SUPER WILD reaches level 8, it cannot level up anymore and no more
                                      additional free spins can be awarded.
                                    Special reels are in play during the feature.

                                                      MAX WIN
    The maximum win amount is limited to 4,000x bet. If the total win of a round reaches 4,000x bet the round
                 immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining features are forfeited.




                                                 VOLATILITY

High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.


                                                      All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                                              Free spins win is added to the payline win.
                                                                All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                                                          All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                                            Only the highest win is paid per line.
                                             When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.
                                            Free spins round win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                                          Free spins round total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.

                                   The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.07%


                                               MINIMUM BET: R3.75
                                              MAXIMUM BET: R1,875.00
                             SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to
                                           start and stop the spin.
                                         Malfunction voids all pays and plays.




                                                  HOW TO PLAY
                 Click the        or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                       Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                          MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                                 opens the Information page

                     CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                       Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
             and         change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                            the bet denominations.

                                                       starts the game

                                  AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu



                                                SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                             INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off
                    AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                              SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                                   GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                               INFORMATION SCREEN
                                         and      scroll between information pages

                                                closes the information screen


                                                     BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
      Use the      and         buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                       The maximum win amount is limited to 4000X bet. If the total win of
                         a round reaches 4000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                         awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                                    AUTOPLAY
                Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay
     SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
