                                                      GAME RULES
                 All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




       5 - 400                   5 - 300                      5 - 200              5 - 200                  5 - 150
       4 - 200                   4 - 100                      4 - 80               4 - 80                   4 - 40
       3 - 40                    3 - 30                       3 - 20               3 - 20                   3-8
       2-2
                       5 - 150                      5 - 100                  5 - 100                      5 - 100
                       4 - 40                       4 - 10                   4 - 10                       4 - 10
                       3-8                          3-4                      3-4                          3-4



                       This symbol is WILD and                                             This is the BONUS symbol. It
                       substitutes for all symbols except                                  appears on reels 1, 3 and 5.
                       for BONUS.
                                                                                           Hit 3 BONUS symbols to
                       WILD symbol is present on all reels.                                trigger the FREE SPINS
                       5 - 500                                                             feature.
                       4 - 200
                       3 - 50
                       2-2

                                             RANDOM SPIN FEATURES
          In the base game, at any spin, a choice of 1 out of 3 bees can randomly appear. Select one of the
                                 bees to trigger a random spin feature, as follows:

                                                      HONEY WILDS
        When the HONEY WILDS feature is triggered 5 to 10 WILD symbols are randomly placed on the reels.

                                                    STICKY STREAK
 A random 3 of a kind win combination of paying symbols appears. The symbols from the win combination remain in
place and respins are triggered. Whenever a new symbol of the same kind as the held symbols hits it is also held and
  a new respin is triggered. Respins end when no new symbol of the same kind hits. When respins end all winning
                                              combinations are paid.

                                                         WIN SPIN
                       Win spin feature guarantees that a big win of at least 30x total bet hits.

                                                       5 OF A KIND
                             Guarantees that a random 5 of a kind win combination hits.

                                                       FREE SPINS
                       Guarantees that 3 BONUS symbols hit to win the FREE SPINS feature.

                             Special reels are in play during RANDOM SPIN FEATURES.


                                                FREE SPINS FEATURE
                             Hit 3 BONUS symbols to trigger the FREE SPINS feature.
                    At the beginning of the FREE SPINS feature choose one out of two options:


                                           STICKY STREAK FREE SPINS
                                              8 free spins are awarded.
                   During the feature a fully expanded WILD symbol is always present on reel 3.
    At every spin if there is a win combination with regular paying symbols all the winning symbols are held and
    a respin is triggered. Whenever a new symbol of the same kind as the held symbols hits it is also held and a
       new respin is triggered. Respins end when no new symbol of the same kind hits. When respins end all
                                           winning combinations are paid.
                                                Feature can not be retriggered.
                                           Special reels are in play during the feature.


                                     HONEY QUEEN COLOSSAL SPINS
                                               5 free spins are awarded.
                             During the feature colossal symbols of 2x2 or 3x3 can hit.
                     At any spin, there is a chance that all wins of the spin will be multiplied 2x.
                                            Feature can not be retriggered.
                                     Special reels are in play during the feature.
                                                  VOLATILITY

          Medium volatility games pay out steadily and the range of pays varies from low to very high
                           All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                  Free Spins win is added to the payline win.
                                     All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                               All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                      Only the highest win is paid per line.
                     When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.

                                                  Free spins win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                                                Free spins total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.



                                                               The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.5%


                                                                          MINIMUM BET: R0.20
                                                                         MAXIMUM BET: R100.00

                             SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to
                                            start and stop the spin.
                                      Malfunction voids all pays and plays.


                                                  HOW TO PLAY
                 Click the        or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                       Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                          MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                                 opens the Information page

                    CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                      Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
             and         change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                            the bet denominations.
                                                       starts the game


                                  AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu




                                                SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                             INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off
                   AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                              SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                                   GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                               INFORMATION SCREEN
                                         and      scroll between information pages

                                                closes the information screen


                                                     BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
      Use the      and         buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.
                                          AUTOPLAY
          Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay
SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
