                                                     GAME RULES
               All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




               5000                         3000                       2000                       1000
                                   ANY 3                                                                 ANY 3




3 - 100         3 - 75                 50                  3 - 30        3 - 20          3 - 10           5


                         3 - 10
                         2-5                       This symbol is WILD and substitutes
                                                   for all symbols except for   .
                         1-2




                                                    VOLATILITY

High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher

                          All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                    All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                                    Bonus wins are multiplied by total bet.
                              All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                     Only the highest win is paid per line.
                    When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.




              SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                       The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.52 %
                                          Malfunction voids all pays and plays.


                                                  MINIMUM BET: R0.09
                                                 MAXIMUM BET: R45.00


                                                   HOW TO PLAY
                Click the         or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                       Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                            MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                                   opens the Information page

                    CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                      Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
             and         change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                            the bet denominations.
                                                   starts the game


                                 AUTOPLAY    opens the automatic play menu




                                            SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                           INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off
                    AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                            SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                                 GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                           INFORMATION SCREEN
                                     and      scroll between information pages

                                            closes the information screen


                                                 BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
      Use the      and       buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.




                                                AUTOPLAY
                Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay
     SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
