                                                       GAME RULES
                  All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.



                       5 - 1000                        5 - 500                       5 - 300                     5 - 300
                       4 - 300                         4 - 150                       4 - 100                     4 - 100
                       3 - 100                         3 - 40                        3 - 30                      3 - 30



             5 - 100                       5 - 100                   5 - 50                    5 - 50               5 - 50
             4 - 30                        4 - 30                    4 - 15                    4 - 15               4 - 15
             3 - 10                        3 - 10                    3-5                       3-5                  3-5




                         5 - 200x total bet                      This symbol is both SCATTER and
                          4 - 20x total bet                      WILD and substitutes for all symbols.
                            3 - 2x total bet


                                      Hit 3 or more        anywhere on the reels to trigger the
                                                        FREE SPINS FEATURE.

                                       MYSTERY SYMBOL AND RESPIN
         In the base game, at random spins, one MYSTERY symbol is selected randomly for that spin. After the
     payout of regular symbols, the MYSTERY symbols expand vertically to cover all 3 positions on the reel and
       the game enters a respin mode, keeping the expanded symbols in place and respinning the other reels.
             If more of the current MYSTERY symbols hit after respin, they will also expand, remain in place
                                 and the game will respin the remaining reels once more.
              Respins end when no more MYSTERY symbols hit or the screen is filled with expanded ones.
 After respins end the MYSTERY symbol pays according to its paytable, on all reels, even on non-adjacent positions.
                           Expansion is triggered only if enough symbols for a win are present.

                                                        FREE SPINS
                              In the FREE SPINS FEATURE, 10 free spins are awarded.
              Before the round starts a random paying symbol is selected to be the MYSTERY symbol.
During the FREE SPINS, the MYSTERY symbol acts like in the base game, expanding vertically to fill the whole reel and
               triggering respins until no more of them hit or the screen is filled with expanded ones.
    Hitting 3 or more      symbols during the FREE SPINS ROUND awards 10 more free spins with the currently
                  selected MYSTERY symbol. There is no limit to the number of possible re-triggers

                                                          MAX WIN
  The maximum win amount is limited to 4,000x bet during the base game and the FREE SPINS round. If the total win
       reaches 4,000x bet the round immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining features are forfeited.
                                                     BUY FREE SPINS
                                  The FREE SPINS round can be instantly triggered from the
                                      base game by buying it for 100x current total bet.
                                       Before the round starts the player can select a
                                            symbol to be the MYSTERY symbol.


                                                       VOLATILITY

   High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.
                                   All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                         Free Spins win is added to the payline win.
                                           All wins are multiplied by bet per line.


                                                             All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                                 When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.
                                                                    Only the highest win is paid per line.
                                                                    Malfunction voids all pays and plays.



                 SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.

                                                      MINIMUM BET: R1.50
                                                     MAXIMUM BET: R1,500.00

                                           The theoretical RTP of this game is 95.50%
                              The RTP of the game when using "BUY FREE SPINS" is 95.46%



                                                       HOW TO PLAY
                       Click the      or      buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                           Select the bet you want to use in the game.
                                                 Press the SPIN button to play.

                                               MAIN GAME INTERFACE
             opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.

                        - cycles through spin speed settings, normal speed, quick spin and turbo spin.
                                            toggles sound and music on and off
                                                opens the Information page
                      CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                        Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
           and       change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change the
                                                bet denominations.
                                                     starts the game

                                 AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu.
                                Click the     AUTOPLAY    button again to stop it.


                                               SETTINGS MENU
 QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released

                            INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off
                     AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off

                             SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                                  GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page


                                             INFORMATION SCREEN
                                       and       scroll between information pages

                                               closes the information screen


                                                     BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.

      Use the       and        buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                          The maximum win amount is limited to 4000X bet. If the total win
                          of a round reaches 4000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                           awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                                   AUTOPLAY
                 Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay

     SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
