                                                  GAME RULES
                  All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




           3 - 100             3 - 25            3 - 10                3-8            3-5             3-3




                                                        3 - 250
                               This is the WILD symbol and substitutes for all symbols.
                                               It can appear on all reels.


  In the base game, whenever a full screen of the same symbol hits all winning combinations are multiplied by a
                                     random multiplier of x5, x10, x15 or x25.


                                                RESPIN FEATURE
      Randomly, at any spin, the RESPIN feature can trigger. When this happens, a random paying symbol is
            selected and the reels spin and stop with only that symbol, WILD symbols if any and blanks.
    After this, the reels will respin and if new symbols of the same type or WILD symbols are added to the grid,
                                  they stay on the screen and a new respin is triggered.
Respins end either when there are no more symbols of the randomly chosen type hitting after a respin or when the
                                   screen is completely filled with the chosen symbol.
At the end of the respin, if the screen is filled with the chosen symbol all winning combinations are multiplied by a
                                         random multiplier of x5, x10, x15 or x25.


                                                      MAX WIN
The maximum win amount is limited to 2,500x bet in both base game and respins. If the total win of a RESPIN round
     reaches 2,500x bet the round immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining respins are forfeited.


                                                          VOLATILITY

           Medium volatility games pay out steadily and the range of pays varies from low to very high.
          All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines. All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                                    Respin wins are added to the payline win.
                               All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                       Only the highest win is paid per line.
                    When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.
                          Respin win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                         Respin total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.



                                        The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.50%

                  SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                     Malfunction voids all pays and plays.

                                                MINIMUM BET:           R0.75
                                                MAXIMUM BET:           R2,250.00


                                                  HOW TO PLAY
                   Click the       or        buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                        Select the bet you want to use in the game.


                                         MAIN GAME INTERFACE
         opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.
                                              opens the Information page

                     CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                       Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
            and         change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                           the bet denominations.


                                                    starts the game

                                 AUTOPLAY      opens the automatic play menu
                               Click the    AUTOPLAY       button again to stop it.
                                             SETTINGS MENU
 QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                           INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                    AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                            SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                                 GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page


                                           INFORMATION SCREEN
                                     and       scroll between information pages

                                            closes the information screen

                                                  BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
      Use the      and        buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                         The maximum win amount is limited to 2500X bet. If the total win
                         of a round reaches 2500X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                          awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                                 AUTOPLAY
                Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay

     SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
