                                                      GAME RULES
                 All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




             5 - 20                   5 - 20                 5 - 12                 5 - 12                 5 - 12
             4-6                      4-4                    4-4                    4-4                    4-4
             3-2                      3-2                    3-2                    3-2                    3-2
             2-1



             5 - 12                    5-6                    5-6                    5-6                   5-6
             4-4                       4-2                    4-2                    4-2                   4-2
             3-2                       3-1                    3-1                    3-1                   3-1


                                           This is the WILD symbol it substitutes for all symbols
                                           except for BONUS COIN symbols and MONEY symbols.


                 In the base game, three types of BONUS COIN symbols can appear on the screen:




 When the GREEN BONUS COIN hits, it gets collected in the green FORTUNE pot on top of the screen. Whenever it
  gets collected it can randomly trigger the POT RESPIN feature with a modifier that upgrades the value of up to 3
                 coins currently on the screen with a random amount, at the end of random respins.




 When the RED BONUS COIN hits, it gets collected in the red DOUBLIN' pot on top of the screen. Whenever it gets
         collected it can randomly trigger the POT RESPIN feature played on two grids of 5x3 symbols.




      When the BLUE BONUS COIN hits, it gets collected in the BLUE LIFE pot on top of the screen. Whenever
          it gets collected it can randomly trigger the POT RESPIN feature with one extra respin, up to a
                    maximum of 4 respins, which resets every time a new MONEY symbol hits.

        The collection happens at the end of the spin and if the POT RESPIN feature is triggered one, two or
        three of the modifiers are triggered randomly. The subsequent POT RESPIN round is played with all
                                        the modifiers that it was triggered with.



                                               POT RESPIN FEATURE
                      This is the MONEY symbol.
                      It can appear only during the RESPIN feature.
                      Whenever it hits, it takes a random value from a pre-defined set.
                      Possible values are: 0.6x, 0.8x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 14x, 16x, 20x, 30x total bet or
                      the bonus values of MINI (10x total bet), MINOR (20x total bet) or MAJOR (150x total bet).

                          When the round starts, the normal symbols fade away and only blanks
                                   and MONEY symbols are present on the reelstrips.
          The round starts with the BONUS COIN symbols that were present on the screen when the feature was
        triggered, now transformed into MONEY symbols with the same amounts that they had in the base game.
 The round starts with 3 respins. All MONEY symbols that hit remain on the screen until the end of the round. Every
   time at least one MONEY symbol hits, the number of respins is reset to 3. The round continues until respins are
                          finished or all positions on the screen are filled with MONEY symbols.
     If the round was randomly triggered with a GREEN BONUS coin, after every respin, there is a chance that up
               to 3 MONEY symbols currently on the screen get their value upgraded with a random value.
If the round was randomly triggered with a RED BONUS coin, the POT RESPIN feature is played on two grids of 5x3
  positions. Each grid starts with the BONUS COIN symbols that were present on the screen when the feature was
        triggered, now transformed into MONEY symbols, with the same amount that they had in the base game.
If the round was randomly triggered with a BLUE BONUS coin, the POT RESPIN feature starts with 4 respins instead
                     of 3 and every MONEY symbol that hits reset the amount of respins back to 4.
The round ends when there are no more respins left or all positions on the screen are filled with MONEY symbols. If
               all positions are filled with MONEY symbols the GRAND (5000x total bet) is also awarded.
         At the end of the round, the values of all MONEY symbols on the screen are added together and paid.


                                                         MAX WIN
The maximum win amount is limited to 10,000x bet. If the total win of a POT RESPIN feature reaches 10,000x bet the
               round immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining respins are forfeited.


                                           BUY POT RESPIN FEATURE
                The POT RESPIN round can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it.
                                       There are two options to buy:
            Pay 50x total bet to trigger the POT RESPIN feature with 1, 2 or 3 modifiers hitting randomly on
                                                  the triggering spin.
    Pay 100x total bet to trigger the TRIPLE POT RESPIN feature with all 3 possible modifiers guaranteed to hit on
                                                 the triggering spin.

                                                       VOLATILITY

   High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.
            All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines. All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                                       Respin wins are added to the payline win.
                                   All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                          Only the highest win is paid per line.
                        When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.
                           Respin win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                          Respin total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.




                                   The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.50%
   The RTP of the game when using "BUY POT RESPIN FEATURE" with 1, 2 or 3 modifiers hitting randomly on the
                                           triggering spin is 96.46%
The RTP of the game when using "BUY TRIPLE POT RESPIN FEATURE" with all 3 possible modifiers guaranteed to hit
                                        on the triggering spin is 96.48%
                 SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                     Malfunction voids all pays and plays.
                                           MINIMUM BET:       R1.50
                                           MAXIMUM BET: R3,750.00


                                                     HOW TO PLAY
                   Click the          or        buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                           Select the bet you want to use in the game.


                                              MAIN GAME INTERFACE
            opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.
                                                    opens the Information page

                        CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                          Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
               and         change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                              the bet denominations.

                                                          starts the game

                                      AUTOPLAY      opens the automatic play menu
                                     Click the    AUTOPLAY    button again to stop it.


                                                   SETTINGS MENU
  QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                               INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off
                      AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off

                                SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off

                                      GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                                  INFORMATION SCREEN
                                            and      scroll between information pages

                                                   closes the information screen


                                                        BET MENU
  The bet menu shows the bet multiplier available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
              Use the          and         buttons in the BET and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                          The maximum win amount is limited to 10000X bet. If the total win
                          of a round reaches 10000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                            awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                                       AUTOPLAY
                 Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay

       SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
