                                             GAME RULES
          All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




     5 - 500                5 - 250                  5 - 200               5 - 150                    5 - 100
     4 - 200                4 - 100                  4 - 80                4 - 60                     4 - 60
     3 - 50                 3 - 40                   3 - 40                3 - 20                     3 - 20


                   5 - 80                   5 - 80                      5 - 40                  5 - 40
                   4 - 20                   4 - 20                      4 - 10                  4 - 10
                   3 - 10                   3 - 10                      3-5                     3-5

                                                                         These are the BONUS symbols:
               This is the wild and substitutes for all
               symbols except for      ,     and        .
               Wild symbol is present on all reels
               5 - 500
               4 - 200                                         A bonus feature will be triggered if         lands on
               3 - 50
                                                                 reel 1 and 3 and      or        lands on reel 5.


                                  RANDOM SPIN FEATURES
  In the base game, on any spin, a choice between 3 tentacles can randomly appear. Select one of
                       the tentacles to trigger a random feature, as follows:

                                  KRAKEN LOCKING WILDS
                     This symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except for     ,   and                     .
                     When the feature starts, reels keep spinning while consecutive choices
                     of 1 out of 3 chests appear randomly award one of the following:
                     More Wilds, Continue Spinning, All Wins x2 and Collect, More
                     Wilds and Collect or Collect
                     All winning combinations are paid when the feature ends.

                                COLOSSAL KRAKEN WILDS
                     This symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except for    ,                  and       .
                     After the reels stop, a randomly placed colossal 3x4 WILD symbol is
                     guaranteed to land on the reels.

                               INFECTIOUS KRAKEN WILDS
                     This symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except for               ,       and       .
                     After the reels stop, at least one   is guaranteed to land in view. This symbol will
                     infect adjacent ones turning them into wilds.




                               SUNKEN TREASURE BONUS
    The BONUS FEATURE is awarded when a             hits on reels 1 and 3 alongside a   on reel 5.
        This feature gives the player a pick of 3 chests that will award a random money prize.

    Consecutive picks are awarded as long as money prizes are being hit. Hitting COLLECT ends
                                      the BONUS FEATURE.


                             ROAMING KRAKEN FREE SPINS
 The FREE SPINS FEATURE is awarded when a                   hits on reels 1 and 3 alongside a          on reel 5.
Before the round starts, pick chests to reveal prizes until you find a COLLECT item. Prizes can be +1,
+2 or +3 free spins, up to a maximum of 12 free spins. After COLLECT has been revealed, the round is
   played with the total number of free spins won so far. During this feature 40 paylines are in play.

The round starts with a win multiplier of 1x. For each WILD symbol that hits during the round, the win
multiplier for all remaining free spins increases by 1x, up to a maximum of 10x. All WILD symbols that
 have hit during the round remain on the screen and randomly change their position on every spin.
                                   The feature cannot be retriggered
                               Special reels are in play during the feature.
                      The FREE SPINS round can be instantly triggered from the base game
                                    by buying it for 100x current total bet.

                                                    VOLATILITY

 High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher
                             All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                       All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                                 All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                        Only the highest win is paid per line.
                     When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.
                                                                                 FREE SPINS

                          BASE GAME




                SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                       The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.5%
                                                MINIMUM BET: R3.00
                                              MAXIMUM BET: R1,500.00
                                         Malfunction voids all pays and plays.

                                                   HOW TO PLAY
                   Click the      or      buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                       Select the bet you want to use in the game.
                                               Press the SPIN button to play.

                                          MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.
                   - cycles through spin speed settings, normal speed, quick spin and turbo spin.



                                             toggles sound and music on and off
                                                 opens the Information page
                     CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                       Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
           and      change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change the
                                               bet denominations.
                                                       starts the game

                                   AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu.
                                 Click the     AUTOPLAY      button again to stop it.


                                                 SETTINGS MENU

                          INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                     AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                               SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off

                                   GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                               INFORMATION SCREEN
                                         and        scroll between information pages

                                                 closes the information screen


                                                       BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.

      Use the       and         buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.
                                          AUTOPLAY
          Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay

SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
