GAME OVERVIEW
Game Description (for Players)
Aztecs reign over the kingdom in Secret City Gold™.

Players will be aiming to create matching combinations of frog, lion, monkey and snake symbols
across the slot’s 25 paylines to be awarded a win. The base game and bonus round is also home
to a randomly triggered and highly innovative wild pattern feature.

This displays numerous different patterns across the reels, with the highest paying symbol
contained within the pattern being matched across its entire area, boosting winning potential.

Three scatters are needed to gain entry to the free spins round with any patterns formed during
this time, adding an extra spin to those initially awarded. Additionally, there is a multiplier which
increases by 1x for each win gained in the free spins round which in tandem with the pattern
feature is key to awarding the slot’s max win of 10,000x!
Game Information
12 Symbols:

     •   10 Regular symbols
     •   1 Wild
     •   1 Scatter

Shape wins:

•   On every spin, a shape can land fully, partially, or not at all over the symbols.
•   When symbols are covered, the Super Gold Ways Pays feature will trigger.
•   The game will choose one of the covered symbols at random and transform all symbols into that
    same selected symbol.
•   The game then pays it out as a ways pays game.


Screen size:

     •   4x5 – screen size
     •   25 win lines, pay left-to-right
Game Information
Base Game:

   o   Player will see first the Symbols from Symbols strip , on the screen.
   o   Then a golden transparent shape will land on the screen (it might not land)
   o   Reels will be evaluated
   o   If Golden shape landed and extend to more than 2 reels, we randomly choose one of the
       symbols marked by the shape, to replicate throughout the shape
   o   We evaluate a second time, only chosen Golden Symbol regardless of symbols position on the
       screen.
   o   During base, every landing shape will have a multiplier applied to ways wins (only to shape
       wins). Multiplier will be from 1 to 10 (Multiplier x1 may not be shown during base shape landing

Free Spins:

   o   During Free spins, every landing shape will have a multiplier.
   o   This multiplier will be added to previously added multipliers from previous shapes landing.
       Value of added multipliers will be applied to current shape win.
   o   Value of sum of multipliers starts at x0. Multipliers of x1 to x10 are added to current general
       multiplier
   o   Scatters in FS add same number of FS as number of scatters on screen.
THANK YOU
