                                                      GAME RULES
                 All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




                  3 - 25                     3 - 15                     3 - 10                     3-7




                  3-6                        3-5                        3-3                        3-2




                                       RESPIN UNTIL YOU WIN FEATURE
      When two full vertical stacks of the same symbol hit, the reel that doesn't contain a symbol of the same type
     re-spins until you win. The stacks that initiated the feature remain in place until any winning combination hits.
                                       Special reels are in play during the feature.

                                                         3 - 75
                                                         This symbol is WILD and
                                                        substitutes for all symbols.


                                          DOUBLE MULTIPLIER WHEEL

        If the full screen is stacked with the same symbol, including WILD, the DOUBLE MULTIPLIER WHEEL
                                                  feature is triggered.

Two wheel of fortune are shown on the screen. The lower wheel spins, and can award a multiplier for the total win of
the spin of 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x or an UP item that moves to the upper wheel. If it moves to the upper wheel, the wheel spins
                     and awards a multiplier for the total win of the spin of 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x or 20x.




                                                   VOLATILITY

            Medium volatility games pay out steadily and the range of pays varies from low to very high

                                All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                        All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                                 All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                        Only the highest win is paid per line.
                        When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.




                 SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                       The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.52%

                                                  MINIMUM BET: R0.05
                                                 MAXIMUM BET: R25.00
                                         Malfunction voids all pays and plays.


                                                  HOW TO PLAY
                 Click the        or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                       Select the bet you want to use in the game.



                                          MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                                 opens the Information page

                     CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                       Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
             and         change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                            the bet denominations.

                                                       starts the game

                                  AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu



                                                SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                             INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off
                    AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                              SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                                   GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                               INFORMATION SCREEN
                                         and      scroll between information pages

                                                closes the information screen


                                                     BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
      Use the      and         buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.




                                                    AUTOPLAY
                Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay
     SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
