GAME OVERVIEW
Game Description (for Players)


The Greek God of War has gathered his troops in search of glorious rewards in
this pays-anywhere slot. Every win will see the tumble feature in action, which
is repeatable until no further wins occur.

The title also features a Multiplier Collection, offering up to three or six levels.
This can award huge multipliers of up to 15x, while Bomb Symbols are present
on the reels for even bigger win potential!

Free Spins can see multipliers of up to 500x unlocked, with a staggering max
win of 10,000x for brave warriors!
Game Description (for Players)
Screen size:

    •    Regular win lines
    •    The screen is 6x5
    •    Bet multiplier 20


11 Symbols:

    •   Symbols pay anywhere on the screen. The total number of the same symbol
        on the screen at the end of spin determines the value of the win.
    •   There are 9 paying symbols, Scatter symbol and BOMB symbol.


Tumble Feature:

    •   It means after every spin, winning combinations are paid and all winning
        symbols disappear. The remaining symbols fall to the bottom of the screen
        and empty positions are filled with symbols coming from above.
Game Information
Bomb Feature:
   • When all the tumbling completes then all activated Bombs will blast the
      symbols on the screen according to their Nature. The remaining
      symbols fall to the bottom of the screen and empty positions are filled
      with symbols coming from above.

    •   For BASE GAME, Whenever Bomb present on winning spin then Bomb is
        activated.

    •   For FREE GAME, Bomb is always activated.

    •   There are 4 types of Bomb symbols:
         1)Horizontal Explosion Bomb :- This Bomb will explode that whole row
         where this Bomb presents except scatter symbol.
         2)Vertical Explosion Bomb :- This Bomb will explode that whole reel
         where this Bomb presents except scatter symbol.
         3)HV Explosion Bomb :- This Bomb will explode that whole reel as well
         as row where this Bomb presents except scatter symbol.
         4)Crossfire Explosion Bomb :- This Bomb will explode symbols in
         direction of NW, NE, SE, SW except scatter symbol.
THANK YOU
