                                                  GAME RULES
               All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




          5 - 100                 5 - 25                5 - 15              5 - 10                5 - 10
          4 - 40                  4 - 15                4 - 10              4-5                   4-5
          3 - 20                  3 - 10                3-5                 3-3                   3-3

              5-5                    5-5                     5-5              5-5                      5-5
              4-3                    4-3                     4-3              4-3                      4-3
              3-2                    3-2                     3-2              3-2                      3-2

                                                                               1024 ways to win
                    This is the WILD symbol and
                    substitutes for all symbols except for
                    BONUS and FIRECRACKER.
                    WILD symbol appears on reels
                    2, 3 and 4.
                                                                   Wins awarded for left to right adjacent symbol
                                                                                 combinations.




                                           WILD SWITCH FEATURE
         During the base game and free spins whenever 6 or more of the same paying symbol appear
                        anywhere on reels 2,3 or 4 they transform into WILD symbols.

                                WHEEL WITH FREE GAMES BONUS
                            This is the BONUS symbol. It appears on reels 2, 3 and 4.
                            Hit 3 BONUS symbols to trigger the WHEEL WITH FREE GAMES BONUS.

        When the round starts a WHEEL OF FORTUNE appears containing money values expressed as
    multipliers of total bet, GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, MINI fixed jackpot values or a number from 6 to 50 free
     games. The wheel spins and stops on an award. If the hit is a money or jackpot value, the amount is
                      awarded, values on the wheel are increased and the wheel spins again.
                      After the 5th wheel spin, the 6th level contains only free games prizes.
         When the wheel stops on an amount of free games, the free games round begins, playing the
                                               amount that was won.


                                               FIRECRACKERS

                                   This is the FIRECRACKER symbol.
                                   It appears on reels 2,3,4 during the FREE GAMES ROUND.

          Whenever a FIRECRACKER symbol hits, after the spin, it transforms randomly into and awards
                                                   one of the following:
                                    - Free games retrigger - 1 to 5 more free games
                                - Money values - random from 100 to 5000 x bet per line
 - Wild with multiplier - The FIRECRACKER is replaced with a WILD symbol that can have a random multiplier of
   1x, 2x, 3x or 5x that applies to the total win of the spin and also multiplies wins from other firecracker money
values. If a jackpot value is awarded on the same spin with a multiplier, the number of jackpots awarded is equal
 to the multiplier. If more than one multiplier appears on the same spin, the values multiply between each other
                                      - Jackpots - MAJOR, MINOR or MINI jackpot
          If at the end of the round there is no win from the free games a prize of 10x total bet is awarded.
                            Special reels are in play during the free games round.
          The WHEEL WITH FREE GAMES BONUS with random outcome of the wheel feature can be
               instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 100x current total bet.




                                                VOLATILITY

                  High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big
                                         wins in a short time span is higher
                  Only the highest win is paid per winning combination on the same pay way.
                    When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win.
                           Free games and bonus wins are added to the payline win.
                                        All wins are multiplied by base bet.
                                 All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                      Free games win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                    Free games total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.
                                   The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.55%
                             The RTP of the game when using "BUY BONUS" is 96.49%

             SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.

                                               MINIMUM BET: R5.70
                                              MAXIMUM BET: R2,850.00
                                        Malfunction voids all pays and plays.



                                                HOW TO PLAY
                Click the        or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                      Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                         MAIN GAME INTERFACE
         opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                                opens the Information page

                    CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                      Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
            and        change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                          the bet denominations.

                                                     starts the game

                                 AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu


                                              SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                            INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off
                   AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                             SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off
                                  GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page
                                          INFORMATION SCREEN
                                    and      scroll between information pages

                                           closes the information screen


                                                BET MENU
The bet menu shows the bet multiplier available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.
            Use the      and      buttons in the BET and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                      The maximum win amount is limited to 9000X bet. If the total win of
                        a round reaches 9000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                        awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                               AUTOPLAY
              Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay
    SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
