                                                 GAME RULES
                 All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




            5 - 400           5 - 300          5 - 250            5 - 200         5 - 150          5 - 100
            4 - 120           4 - 90           4 - 70             4 - 50          4 - 35           4 - 20
            3 - 40            3 - 30           3 - 25             3 - 20          3 - 15           3 - 10

        5 - 50                    5 - 50                 5 - 25                   5 - 25                     5 - 25
        4 - 10                    4 - 10                 4-5                      4-5                        4-5
        3-5                       3-5                    3-2                      3-2                        3-2


                      This is the WILD symbol and substitutes for
                                                                                      This is the SCATTER symbol.
                      all symbols except for SCATTER.
                      WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4.                        3 or more SCATTER symbols
                      Whenever a WILD symbol hits it adds a                           trigger the FREE SPINS round.
                      random multiplier of 1x, 2x or 3x to the                        SCATTER symbol is present on
                      total win of the spin. If more than one                         the reels only in the base game.
                      WILD hits, multipliers add to each other.




                                                  FREE SPINS
                             3 or more SCATTER symbols trigger the FREE SPINS round.
  Before the round starts, for every SCATTER that triggered the feature, 3 mini reels appear containing a possible
   number of 1, 2 or 3 free spins. All the mini reels on the screen spin, award a number of free spins and the total
                                               amount awarded is played.
  The FREE SPINS round has a general win multiplier that applies to the total win of every spin. During the round,
every time a WILD symbol hits remains sticky on the screen until the end of the round and the general win multiplier
                                       increases by 1x, 2x or 3x randomly.

                          Minimum win guaranteed for the FREE SPINS round is as follows:
                           Trigger with 5 SCATTER symbols - 30x total bet win guaranteed
                           Trigger with 4 SCATTER symbols - 20x total bet win guaranteed
                           Trigger with 3 SCATTER symbols - 10x total bet win guaranteed
If no more free spins are left and the minimum win is not reached the round re-triggers. For each SCATTER symbol
          that initally triggered the feature, one mini reel appears and adds randomly 1, 2 or 3 free spins.
                              There are no limits to the number of possible re-trriggers.

                               Special reels are in play during the FREE SPINS round.




                                                   ANTE BET
          The player has the option to select the bet multiplier. Depending on the selected bet, the game
                                    behaves differently. The possible values are:
                                          Bet multiplier 20x - Normal Play
             Bet multiplier 25x - The chance to win FREE SPINS naturally is doubled. More SCATTER
                                         symbols are present on the reels.

                                                    MAX WIN
The maximum win amount is limited to 5,000x bet in both base game and free spins. If the total win of a FREE SPINS
 ROUND reaches 5,000x bet the round immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining free spins are forfeited
                                                    VOLATILITY

High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.
                                All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                      Free Spins win is added to the payline win.
                                        All wins are multiplied by bet per line.


                                                           All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                                When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.
                                                                 Only the highest win is paid per line.
                                                                 Malfunction voids all pays and plays.



                SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.

                                                    MINIMUM BET: £0.20
                                                   MAXIMUM BET: £125.00


                                        The theoretical RTP of this game is 94.51%




                                                    HOW TO PLAY
                  Click the        or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                        Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                           MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                                   opens the Information page

                     CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                       Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
             and          change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                             the bet denominations.
                                                          starts the game

                                   AUTOPLAY         opens the automatic play menu




                                                  SETTINGS MENU

                              INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                     AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off
                               SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off

                                    GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page


                                                INFORMATION SCREEN
                                          and        scroll between information pages

                                                  closes the information screen


                                                        BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.

      Use the       and         buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                       The maximum win amount is limited to 5000X bet. If the total win of
                          a round reaches 5000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                          awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                                 AUTOPLAY
                Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay

      SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time



                                              STOP AUTOPLAY
                    ON ANY WIN – whenever you win something, the Autoplay function stops

        IF FEATURE IS WON – whenever a feature like bonus game or free spins is won, Autoplay will stop
IF SINGLE WIN EXCEEDS – whenever a single win is above the sum written in this field, the Autoplay function stops

         IF CASH INCREASES BY – whenever your current balance is above the sum written in this field,
                                     the Autoplay function stops
         IF CASH DECREASES BY – whenever your current balance is below the sum written in this field,
                                     the Autoplay function stops
                                START AUTOPLAY – starts the Autoplay function
