                                                 GAME RULES
                 All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




             5 - 50                5 - 25                5 - 25               5 - 25                5 - 25
             4 - 10                4-8                   4-8                  4-8                   4-8
             3-5                   3-3                   3-3                  3-3                   3-3




             5 - 15                5 - 15                5 - 15               5 - 15                5 - 15
             4-5                   4-5                   4-5                  4-5                   4-5
             3-2                   3-2                   3-2                  3-2                   3-2




               This is the WILD symbol and substitutes for all symbols except for FIREFLY symbols.
                                       It can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5.




                            Three types of FIREFLY symbols can appear on the screen:




   When the PURPLE, RED or GREEN FIREFLY symbols hit, they get collected by the purple, red or green toad
       on top of the screen. Whenever that happens they can randomly trigger the FREE SPINS feature with
                                 purple, red or green modifier activated randomly.
    The collection happens at the end of the spin and if the FREE SPINS feature is triggered, one, two or three
   of the modifiers are triggered randomly. The subsequent FREE SPINS round is played with all the modifiers
                                        that it was triggered with activated.




                                         This is the GOLDEN FIREFLY symbol.
                           It can appear only during the FREE SPINS feature if the feature
                          has the red modifier active and it replaces the PURPLE FIREFLY
                                   if the round has also the purple modifier active.


                                             PURPLE MODIFIER
      With this modifier, every PURPLE FIREFLY symbol that hits reveals a random money award of 1x or 10x
       total bet, or +1 or +2 additional free spins. The money award is collected and additional free spins are
                               added to the total amount of free spins left for the round.
                   When this modifier is active also a random multiplier x2, x3 or x5 can be revealed
                                  at any spin and applies to all line wins on that spin.


                                                RED MODIFIER
   With this modifier, all FIREFLIES are GOLDEN FIREFLY symbols and when they hit, they reveal a random money
award of 1x or 10x total bet, or a random letter of a certain color, found in the names of the fixed Jackpots available
in the game, or if the purple modifier is also active in this round it can reveal also +1 or +2 free spins randomly. The
 fixed Jackpots are: MINI, 10x total bet; MINOR, 30x total bet; MAJOR, 350x total bet; GRAND, 3500x total bet. When
    during the round the words MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND are fully formed from letters revealed by GOLDEN
                       FIREFLIES, the Jackpot associated with the fully formed word is awarded.


                                              GREEN MODIFIER
            With this modifier, during the round, the amount of lines available for winning combinations
                             increases to 100 and the grid of symbols increases to 5x6.
                When this modifier is active also any WILD symbol that hits triggers a nudge of the
                                  reel it is on until the reel is fully filled with WILDS.
                                                 FREE SPINS
          When the FREE SPINS feature has only the purple modifier active it starts with 5 free spins.
       FIREFLIES of any color can be collected during the round and can randomly trigger one more new
          FREE SPINS rounds with any combination of modifiers active, that were awarded during the
                 current round. The new round will be played after the end of the current round.
     When the FREE SPINS feature has only the green modifier active it starts with 5 free spins. FIREFLIES
      of any color can be collected during the round and can randomly trigger one more new FREE SPINS
       rounds with any combination of modifiers active, that were awarded during the current round. The
                           new round will be played after the end of the current round.
When the FREE SPINS feature has only the red modifier active it starts with 10 free spins. When the red modifier is
    active, only GOLDEN FIREFLIES symbols can hit and new rounds cannot be awarded in any other way.
     When the FREE SPINS feature has the purple and the green modifiers active it starts with 5 free spins.
   FIREFLIES of any color can be collected during the round and can randomly trigger one more new FREE
   SPINS rounds with any combination of modifiers active, that were awarded during the current round. The
                           new round will be played after the end of the current round.
      When the FREE SPINS feature has the purple and the red modifiers active it starts with 10 free spins.
      Because the red modifier is active in this round, only GOLDEN FIREFLIES symbols can hit and new
                                  rounds cannot be awarded in any other way.
      When the FREE SPINS feature has the green and the red modifiers active it starts with 10 free spins.
  Because the red modifier is active in this round, only GOLDEN FIREFLIES symbols can hit and new rounds
                                      cannot be awarded in any other way.
    When the FREE SPINS feature has the purple, green and red modifiers active it starts with 10 free spins.
  Because the red modifier is active in this round, only GOLDEN FIREFLIES symbols can hit and new rounds
                                      cannot be awarded in any other way.
                               Special reels are in play during any type of feature.
                                                   MAX WIN
         The maximum win amount is limited to 4,000x bet. If the total win of a feature reaches 4,000x bet
              the round immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining features are forfeited.
                                             BUY FREE SPINS
               The FREE SPINS round can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it.
                  Pay 100x total bet to trigger the FREE SPINS feature with 1, 2 or 3 modifiers
                                      hitting randomly on the triggering spin.
                Pay 400x total bet to trigger the FREE SPINS feature with all 3 possible modifiers
                                     guaranteed to hit on the triggering spin.


                                           BASE GAME PAYLINES




                                        GREEN MODIFIER PAYLINES




                                                 VOLATILITY
 High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.

                            All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                   Free Spins win is added to the payline win.
                                      All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                                All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                      When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.
                                       Only the highest win is paid per line.
                    Free Spins round win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                  Free Spins round total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.

                                    The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.51%
                  The RTP of the game when using "BUY FREE SPINS" with 1, 2 or 3 modifiers
                                hitting randomly on the triggering spin is 96.45%
                The RTP of the game when using "BUY FREE SPINS" with all 3 possible modifiers
                                guaranteed to hit on the triggering spin is 96.46%
               SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                  Malfunction voids all pays and plays.
                                             MINIMUM BET: R3.75
                                            MAXIMUM BET: R3,750.00
                                                 HOW TO PLAY
                 Click the      or      buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                     Select the bet you want to use in the game.
                                             Press the SPIN button to play.

                                        MAIN GAME INTERFACE
         opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.

                  - cycles through spin speed settings, normal speed, quick spin and turbo spin.



                                           toggles sound and music on and off

                                               opens the Information page
                    CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                      Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
         and       change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change the
                                              bet denominations.
                                                     starts the game

                                 AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu.
                               Click the     AUTOPLAY      button again to stop it.


                                               SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                         INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                   AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off

                             SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off

                                 GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                             INFORMATION SCREEN
                                       and        scroll between information pages

                                               closes the information screen


                                                     BET MENU
The bet menu shows the bet multiplier available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.

           Use the       and         buttons in the BET and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                       The maximum win amount is limited to 4000X bet. If the total win
                       of a round reaches 4000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                        awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                                    AUTOPLAY
               Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay

    SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
