                                                   GAME RULES
                   All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.




              5 - 300               5 - 200                5 - 150               5 - 100                5 - 75
              4 - 100               4 - 60                 4 - 50                4 - 40                 4 - 30
              3 - 50                3 - 30                 3 - 25                3 - 20                 3 - 15




                          5 - 50                5 - 50                5 - 20                 5 - 20
                          4 - 20                4 - 20                4 - 10                 4 - 10
                          3 - 10                3 - 10                3-5                    3-5

                                                                                   Ways to win



                 This is the WILD symbol.                            Wins awarded for left to right adjacent
         It substitutes for all symbols except for                          symbol combinations.
        SCATTER, MONEY and COLLECT symbol.                     The maximum number of possible ways to win is 243.




                             This is the MONEY symbol. It can appear on reels 1, 2, 3 or 4.
                           Every time it hits it takes a random value from a predefined set.
Possible values are: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 80x, 100x, 200x or 500x total bet.




                            This is the COLLECT symbol. It can appear only on reel 5.
Whenever it hits along with MONEY symbols the values of all money symbols on the screen are collected and paid.

                                                     FREE SPINS




                              These are the BAT, DRAGON and TIGER SCATTER symbols.
    Whenever they hit they get collected in pots marked with the symbol, found on top the reels. Randomly, when
 one, two or three of the SCATTER symbols hit, the FREE SPINS feature can be triggered with a combination of one,
                        two or three modifiers linked to the SCATTERS that were hit on that spin.
                  During the round the value of any MONEY symbol that hits is paid without the need
                                             for a COLLECT symbol on reel 5.
When the BAT SCATTER modifier is active in free spins, multipliers x2 and x3 are added on reels 1 and 2, in addition
to any multiplier already present on any of the reels. The multipliers apply to the value of all MONEY symbols that hit
                                                       on those reels.
When the DRAGON SCATTER modifier is active in free spins, multiplier x3, x5 and x3 are added on reels 2, 3 and 4, in
addition to any multiplier already present on any of the reels. The multipliers apply to value of all money symbols that
                                                     hit on those reels.
    When the TIGER SCATTER modifier is active in free spins, multipliers x3 and x2 are added on reels 4 and 5, in
addition to any multiplier already present on any of the reels. The multipliers apply to the value of all money symbols
                                                   that hit on those reels.
    When all BAT, DRAGON and TIGER modifiers are active in free spins, multiplier x10 is set on reel 3 in addition
                                   to any multiplier already present on any of the reels.
                                            The round starts with 6 free spins.
   During the round SCATTER symbols can hit and at random times can trigger more modifiers which will activate
   multipliers on their respective reels. Every time one or more modifiers are triggered randomly during the round,

                                         3 additional free spins are awarded.
                                       Special reels are in play during the feature.
                                                    MAX WIN
 The maximum win amount is limited to 5,000x bet in both base game and FREE SPINS. If the total win of a FREE
  SPINS round reaches 5,000x bet the round immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining free spins are
                                                   forfeited.


                                                   ANTE BET
The player has the option to select the bet multiplier. Depending on the selected bet, the game behaves differently.
                                              The possible values are:
  Bet multiplier 25x - the chance to win the FREE SPINS round naturally is higher. More SCATTER symbols are
                           present on the reels. The BUY FREE SPINS feature is disabled.
                                          Bet multiplier 20x - Normal play.



                                              BUY FREE SPINS
       The FREE SPINS round can be instantly triggered from the base game by buying it for 80x total bet.
         When buying the FREE SPINS round 1, 2 or 3 modifiers can hit randomly on the triggering spin.




                                                  VOLATILITY

 High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.

                            All symbols pay from left to right on selected payways.
                                   Free Spins win is added to the payway win.
                                      All wins are multiplied by bet per way.
                                All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                       Only the highest win is paid per way.
                      When winning on multiple payways, all wins are added to the total win.
                        Free spins win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                      Free spins total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.

                                      The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.02%
                          The RTP of the game when using the "ANTE BET" is 96.01%
                         The RTP of the game when using "BUY FREE SPINS" is 96.02%

               SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin.
                                  Malfunction voids all pays and plays.

                                               MINIMUM BET: R3.00
                                              MAXIMUM BET: R4,500.00




                                                HOW TO PLAY
                 Click the       or        buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                      Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                          MAIN GAME INTERFACE
           opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                               opens the Information page

                     CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                       Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
              and        change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                            the bet denominations.
                                                     starts the game

                                 AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu
                               Click the     AUTOPLAY     button again to stop it.
                                           SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released
                         INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                   AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off

                           SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off

                               GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                          INFORMATION SCREEN
                                    and      scroll between information pages

                                           closes the information screen


                                                 BET MENU
The bet menu shows the bet multiplier available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.

           Use the       and       buttons in the BET and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                       The maximum win amount is limited to 5000X bet. If the total win
                       of a round reaches 5000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                        awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.


                                               AUTOPLAY
              Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay
    SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
