                                                 GAME RULES
                 All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel.

             5 - 600                 5 - 300                 5 - 200                 5 - 150                 5 - 100
             4 - 100                 4 - 50                  4 - 40                  4 - 25                  4 - 20
             3 - 50                  3 - 25                  3 - 20                  3 - 12                  3 - 10


                       5 - 60                   5 - 60                    5 - 50                    5 - 50
                       4 - 12                   4 - 12                    4 - 10                    4 - 10
                       3-6                      3-6                       3-5                       3-5


                                                                               This is the SCATTER symbol.
                  This symbol is WILD and substitutes                          It appears on all reels.
                  for all symbols except for   .                               Hit 3 or more SCATTER symbols
                                                                               anywhere on the screen to trigger
                  WILD symbol appears on all reels.                            the SUPER BOOST FREE SPINS
                                                                               feature.


                                                  WILD BOOST
                At every spin where at least one WILD symbol hits, there is a chance to trigger the
                                         WILD BOOST win multiplier feature.
      When the feature is triggered a random multiplier value of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10, x12, x15, x25, x50 or
        x100 is selected. The multiplier applies to the win of all combinations that contain at least a WILD.

                                       SUPER BOOST FREE SPINS
               Before the round starts select either MEGA BOOST or ULTRA BOOST free spins option.
         Both free spins options have a progressive feature. The round starts with a WILD BOOST multiplier
                   and can increase three times by collecting SCATTER symbols during the round.

                                                  MEGA BOOST
  The round starts with 5 free spins and x2 WILD BOOST multiplier. The progressive feature starts with a number of
                       SCATTERS already collected equal to the number that triggered the round.
              Less SCATTER symbols are present on the reels in MEGA BOOST feature and the chance to
                                             increase the multiplier is lower.
   Every 5th SCATTER collected during the round increases the WILD BOOST multiplier, first to x5, then to x10 and
lastly to x100. Every time a new multiplier is reached 5 more free spins are awarded. The retriggered spins are played
    after the previous batch of free spins end. The new win multiplier applies to the retriggered spins When x100 is
                                   reached the round cannot be retriggered anymore.

                                                 ULTRA BOOST
 The round starts with 5 free spins and x3 WILD BOOST multiplier. The progressive feature starts with a number of
                      SCATTERS already collected equal to the number that triggered the round.
       More SCATTER symbols are present on the reels in ULTRA BOOST feature and the chance to increase
                                                 the multiplier is higher.
  Every 5th SCATTER collected during the round increases the WILD BOOST multiplier, first to x6, then to x12 and
    lastly to x50. Every time a new multiplier is reached 5 more free spins are awarded. The retriggered spins are
   played after the previous batch of free spins end. The new win multiplier applies to the retriggered spins When
                               x50 is reached the round cannot be retriggered anymore.
                                     Special reels are in play during both options.

                                                     MAX WIN
The maximum win amount is limited to 5,000x bet in both base game and free spins. If the total win of a FREE SPINS
 ROUND reaches 5,000x bet the round immediately ends, win is awarded and all remaining free spins are forfeited

                                               BUY FREE SPINS
 The SUPER BOOST FREE SPINS round along with both free spins options can be instantly triggered from the base
                                game by buying it for 75x current total bet.
      The number of SCATTER symbols that hit when buying SUPER BOOST free spins is random from 3 to 5.
                                                  VOLATILITY

High volatility games pay out less often on average but the chance to hit big wins in a short time span is higher.
                            All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines.
                                   Free Spins win is added to the payline win.
                                      All wins are multiplied by bet per line.
                                All values are expressed as actual wins in coins.
                                       Only the highest win is paid per line.
                     When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win.


                                                  Free spins win is awarded to the player after the round completes.
                                                Free spins total win in the history contains the whole win of the cycle.



                                                               The theoretical RTP of this game is 96.47%


                                                                        MINIMUM BET: R3.00
                                                                       MAXIMUM BET: R1,500.00

                             SPACE and ENTER buttons on the keyboard can be used to
                                            start and stop the spin.
                                      Malfunction voids all pays and plays.


                                                  HOW TO PLAY
                 Click the        or       buttons to change the bet value and open the bet menu.
                                       Select the bet you want to use in the game.




                                          MAIN GAME INTERFACE
          opens the SETTINGS menu that contains settings which affect the way the game is being played.



                                                 opens the Information page

                    CREDIT and BET labels show the current balance and current total bet.
                      Click on the labels to switch between coins view and cash view.
             and         change up or down the current bet and open the bet menu, where you can change
                                            the bet denominations.

                                                       starts the game

                                  AUTOPLAY       opens the automatic play menu


                                                SETTINGS MENU
QUICK SPIN – Selects the Quick Spin setting for game reels to start automatically and stop as soon as released

                             INTRO SCREEN – toggles the introductory screen on and off

                   AMBIENT – toggles the ambient sound and music in the game on and off

                              SOUND FX – toggles the game`s sound effects on and off

                                   GAME HISTORY – opens the game history page

                                               INFORMATION SCREEN
                                         and      scroll between information pages

                                                closes the information screen


                                                     BET MENU
The bet menu shows the number of lines available in the game, and the current total bet in both coins and cash.

      Use the      and         buttons in the COINS PER LINE and COIN VALUE fields to change the values.

                      The maximum win amount is limited to 5000X bet. If the total win of
                   a round reaches 5000X bet the round immediately ends, win is
                   awarded up to the cap and all remaining features are forfeited.

                                          AUTOPLAY
          Click on the buttons showing the number of possible auto-spins to start Autoplay

SKIP SCREENS option auto-skips the feature introduction and end screens after a short period of time
